      Moneyball: The Art of Winning an Unfair Game
Billy Beane, general manager of MLB's Oakland A's and protagonist of Michael Lewis's Moneyball, had a problem: how to win in the Major Leagues with a budget that's smaller than that of nearly every other team. Conventional wisdom long held that big name, highly athletic hitters and young pitchers with rocket arms were the ticket to success. But Beane and his staff, buoyed by massive amounts of carefully interpreted statistical data, believed that wins could be had by more affordable methods such as hitters with high on-base percentage and pitchers who get lots of ground outs. Given this information and a tight budget, Beane defied tradition and his own scouting department to build winning teams of young affordable players and inexpensive castoff veterans.  Lewis was in the room with the A's top management as they spent the summer of 2002 adding and subtracting players and he provides outstanding play-by-play. In the June player draft, Beane acquired nearly every prospect he coveted (few of whom were coveted by other teams) and at the July trading deadline he engaged in a tense battle of nerves to acquire a lefty reliever. Besides being one of the most insider accounts ever written about baseball, Moneyball is populated with fascinating characters. We meet Jeremy Brown, an overweight college catcher who most teams project to be a 15th round draft pick (Beane takes him in the first). Sidearm pitcher Chad Bradford is plucked from the White Sox triple-A club to be a key set-up man and catcher Scott Hatteberg is rebuilt as a first baseman. But the most interesting character is Beane himself. A speedy athletic can't-miss prospect who somehow missed, Beane reinvents himself as a front-office guru, relying on players completely unlike, say, Billy Beane. Lewis, one of the top nonfiction writers of his era (Liar's Poker, The New New Thing), offers highly accessible explanations of baseball stats and his roadmap of Beane's economic approach makes Moneyball an appealing reading experience for business people and sports fans alike. --John Moe
      The Deal
She's about to make a deal with the college bad boy...Hannah Wells has finally found someone who turns her on. But while she might be confident in every other area of her life, she's carting around a full set of baggage when it comes to sex and seduction. If she wants to get her crush's attention, she'll have to step out of her comfort zone and make him take notice... even if it means tutoring the annoying, childish, cocky captain of the hockey team in exchange for a pretend date....and it's going to be oh so good.All Garrett Graham has ever wanted is to play professional hockey after graduation, but his plummeting GPA is threatening everything he's worked so hard for. If helping a sarcastic brunette make another guy jealous will help him secure his position on the team, he's all for it. But when one unexpected kiss leads to the wildest sex of both their lives, it doesn't take long for Garrett to realize that pretend isn't going to cut it. Now he just has to convince Hannah that the man she wants looks a lot like him.
      The Wall of Winnipeg and Me
Vanessa Mazur knows she's doing the right thing. She shouldn't feel bad for quitting. Being an assistant/housekeeper/fairy godmother to the top defensive end in the National Football Organization was always supposed to be temporary. She has plans and none of them include washing extra-large underwear longer than necessary.But when Aiden Graves shows up at her door wanting her to come back, she's beyond shocked.For two years, the man known as The Wall of Winnipeg couldn't find it in him to tell her good morning or congratulate her on her birthday. Now? He's asking for the unthinkable.What do you say to the man who is used to getting everything he wants?
      Born to Run: A Hidden Tribe, Superathletes, and the Greatest Race the World Has Never Seen
Full of incredible characters, amazing athletic achievements, cutting-edge science, and, most of all, pure inspiration, Born to Run is an epic adventure that began with one simple question: Why does my foot hurt? In search of an answer, Christopher McDougall sets off to find a tribe of the world's reatest distance runners and learn their secrets, and in the process shows us that everything we thought we knew about running is wrong.Isolated by the most savage terrain in North America, the reclusive Tarahumara Indians of Mexico's eadly Copper Canyons are custodians of a lost art. For centuries they have practiced techniques that allow them to run hundreds of miles without rest and chase down anything from a deer to an Olympic marathoner while enjoying every mile of it. Their superhuman talent is matched by uncanny health and serenity, leaving the Tarahumara immune to the diseases and strife that plague modern existence. With the help of Caballo Blanco, a mysterious loner who lives among the tribe, the author was able not only to uncover the secrets of the Tarahumara but also to find his own inner ultra-athlete, as he trained for the challenge of a lifetime: a fifty-mile race through the heart of Tarahumara country pitting the tribe against an odd band of Americans, including a star ultramarathoner, a beautiful young surfer, and a barefoot wonder.With a sharp wit and wild exuberance, McDougall takes us from the high-tech science labs at Harvard to the sun-baked valleys and freezing peaks across North America, where ever-growing numbers of ultrarunners are pushing their bodies to the limit, and, finally, to the climactic race in the Copper Canyons. Born to Run is that rare book that will not only engage your mind but inspire your body when you realize that the secret to happiness is right at your feet, and that you, indeed all of us, were born to run.
      The Blind Side
When we first meet Michael Oher, he is one of thirteen children by a mother addicted to crack; he does not know his real name, his father, his birthday, or how to read or write. He takes up football and school after a rich, white, Evangelical family plucks him from the streets. Then two great forces alter Oher: the family's love and the evolution of professional football itself into a game in which the quarterback must be protected at any cost. Our protagonist becomes the priceless package of size, speed, and agility necessary to guard the quarterback's greatest vulnerability: his blind side.
      The Boys in the Boat: Nine Americans and Their Epic Quest for Gold at the 1936 Berlin Olympics
For readers of Laura Hillenbrand's Seabiscuit and Unbroken, the dramatic story of the American rowing team that stunned the world at Hitler's 1936 Berlin Olympics.Daniel James Brown's robust book tells the story of the University of Washington's 1936 eight-oar crew and their epic quest for an Olympic gold medal, a team that transformed the sport and grabbed the attention of millions of Americans. The sons of loggers, shipyard workers, and farmers, the boys defeated elite rivals first from eastern and British universities and finally the German crew rowing for Adolf Hitler in the Olympic games in Berlin, 1936.The emotional heart of the story lies with one rower, Joe Rantz, a teenager without family or prospects, who rows not for glory, but to regain his shattered self-regard and to find a place he can call home. The crew is assembled by an enigmatic coach and mentored by a visionary, eccentric British boat builder, but it is their trust in each other that makes them a victorious team. They remind the country of what can be done when everyone quite literally pulls together—a perfect melding of commitment, determination, and optimism.Drawing on the boys' own diaries and journals, their photos and memories of a once-in-a-lifetime shared dream, The Boys in the Boat is an irresistible story about beating the odds and finding hope in the most desperate of times—the improbable, intimate story of nine working-class boys from the American west who, in the depths of the Great Depression, showed the world what true grit really meant. It will appeal to readers of Erik Larson, Timothy Egan, James Bradley, and David Halberstam's The Amateurs.
      Friday Night Lights: A Town, a Team, and a Dream
Return once again to the enduring account of life in the Mojo lane, to the Permian Panthers of Odessa -- the winningest high school football team in Texas history. Odessa is not known to be a town big on dreams, but the Panthers help keep the hopes and dreams of this small, dusty town going. Socially and racially divided, its fragile economy follows the treacherous boom-bust path of the oil business.In bad times, the unemployment rate barrels out of control; in good times, its murder rate skyrockets. But every Friday night from September to December, when the Permian High School Panthers play football, this West Texas town becomes a place where dreams can come true. With frankness and compassion, Bissinger chronicles one of the Panthers' dramatic seasons and shows how single-minded devotion to the team shapes the community and inspires-and sometimes shatters-the teenagers who wear the Panthers' uniforms. Includes Reader's Group Guide inside. Now a major motion picture starring Billy Bob Thorton.
      Him
They don t play for the same team. Or do they?Jamie Canning has never been able to figure out how he lost his closest friend. Four years ago, his tattooed, wise-cracking, rule-breaking roommate cut him off without an explanation. So what if things got a little weird on the last night of hockey camp the summer they were eighteen? It was just a little drunken foolishness. Nobody died.Ryan Wesley's iggest regret is coaxing his very straight friend into a bet that pushed the boundaries of their relationship. Now, with their college teams set to face off at the national championship, he ll finally get a chance to apologize. But all it takes is one look at his longtime crush, and the ache is stronger than ever.Jamie has waited a long time for answers, but walks away with only more questions—can one night of sex ruin a friendship? If not, how about six more weeks of it? When Wesley turns up to coach alongside Jamie for one more hot summer at camp, Jamie has a few things to discover about his old friend... and a big one to learn about himself.Warning: contains sexual situations, skinnydipping, shenanigans in an SUV and proof that coming out to your family on social media is a dicey proposition.
      The Score
He knows how to score, on and off the iceAllie Hayes is in crisis mode. With graduation looming, she still doesn t have the first clue about what she's oing to do after college. To make matters worse, she's ursing a broken heart thanks to the end of her longtime relationship. Wild rebound sex is definitely not the solution to her problems, but gorgeous hockey star Dean Di Laurentis is impossible to resist. Just once, though, because even if her future is uncertain, it sure as heck won t include the king of one-night stands.It ll take more than flashy moves to win her overDean always gets what he wants. Girls, grades, girls, recognition, girls…he's  ladies man, all right, and he's et to meet a woman who's mmune to his charms. Until Allie. For one night, the feisty blonde rocked his entire world—and now she wants to be friends? Nope. It's ot over until he says it's ver. Dean is in full-on pursuit, but when life-rocking changes strike, he starts to wonder if maybe it's ime to stop focusing on scoring…and shoot for love.
      The Crossover
With a bolt of lightning on my kicks . . .The court is SIZZLING. My sweat is DRIZZLING. Stop all that quivering. Cuz tonight I'm delivering, announces dread-locked, 12-year old Josh Bell. He and his twin brother Jordan are awesome on the court. But Josh has more than basketball in his blood, he's got mad beats, too, that tell his family's story in verse, in this fast and furious middle grade novel of family and brotherhood. Josh and Jordan must come to grips with growing up on and off the court to realize breaking the rules comes at a terrible price, as their story's heart-stopping climax proves a game-changer for the entire family.
      The Hook Up
The rules: no kissing on the mouth, no staying the night, no telling anyone, and above all… No falling in loveAnna Jones just wants to finish college and figure out her life. Falling for star quarterback Drew Baylor is certainly not on her to do list. Confident and charming, he lives in the limelight and is way too gorgeous for his own good. If only she could ignore his heated stares and stop thinking about doing hot and dirty things with him. Easy, right?Too bad he's ommitted to making her break every rule…Football has been good to Drew. It's iven him recognition, two National Championships, and the Heisman. But what he really craves is sexy yet prickly Anna Jones. Her cutting humor and blatant disregard for his fame turns him on like nothing else. But there's ne problem: she's shut him down. Completely.That is until a chance encounter leads to the hottest sex of their lives, along with the possibility of something great. Unfortunately, Anna wants it to remain a hook up. Now it's p to Drew to tempt her with more: more sex, more satisfaction, more time with him. Until she's ruly hooked. It's a good thing Drew knows all about winning.All's air in love and football…Game on
      Open
From Andre Agassi, one of the most beloved athletes in history and one of the most gifted men ever to step onto a tennis court, a beautiful, haunting autobiography.Agassi's ncredibly rigorous training begins when he is just a child. By the age of thirteen, he is banished to a florida tennis camp that feels like a prison camp. Lonely, scared, a ninth-grade dropout, he rebels in ways that will soon make him a 1980s icon. He dyes his hair, pierces his ears, dresses like a punk rocker. By the time he turns pro at sixteen, his new look promises to change tennis forever, as does his lightning-fast return. And yet, despite his raw talent, he struggles early on. We feel his confusion as he loses to the world's est, his greater confusion as he starts to win. After stumbling in three Grand Slam finals, Agassi shocks the world, and himself, by capturing the 1992 Wimbledon. Overnight he becomes a fan favorite and a media target.Agassi brings a near-photographic memory to every pivotal match and every relationship. Never before has the inner game of tennis and the outer game of fame been so precisely limned. Alongside vivid portraits of rivals from several generations—Jimmy Connors, Pete Sampras, Roger Federer—Agassi gives unstinting accounts of his brief time with Barbra Streisand and his doomed marriage to Brooke Shields. He reveals a shattering loss of confidence. And he recounts his spectacular resurrection, a comeback climaxing with his epic run at the 1999 French Open and his march to become the oldest man ever ranked number one.In clear, taut prose, Agassi evokes his loyal brother, his wise coach, his gentle trainer, all the people who help him regain his balance and find love at last with Stefanie Graf. Inspired by her quiet strength, he fights through crippling pain from a deteriorating spine to remain a dangerous opponent in the twenty-first and final year of his career. Entering his last tournament in 2006, he's ailed for completing a stunning metamorphosis, from nonconformist to elder statesman, from dropout to education advocate. And still he's ot done. At a U.S. Open for the ages, he makes a courageous last stand, then delivers one of the most stirring farewells ever heard in a sporting arena.With its breakneck tempo and raw candor, Open will be read and cherished for years. A treat for ardent fans, it will also captivate readers who know nothing about tennis. Like Agassi's ame, it sets a new standard for grace, style, speed, and power.
      The Baller
From New York Times & USA Today Bestseller, Vi Keeland, comes a sexy new standalone novel.The first time I met Brody Easton was in the men's locker room.It was my first interview as a professional sportscaster.The famed quarterback decided to bare all.And by all, I don't mean he told me any of his secrets.No. The arrogant ass decided to drop his towel, just as I asked the first question. On camera.The Super Bowl MVP quickly adopted a new hobby--screwing with me.When I pushed back, he shifted from wanting to screw with me, to wanting to screw me.But I don't date players.And it's not because I'm one of the few women working in the world of professional football.I'd date an athlete.It's the other kind of player I don't date. You know the type. Good looking, strong, cocky, always looking to get laid. Brody Easton was the ultimate player. Every woman wanted to be the one to change him. But the truth was, all he needed was a girl worth changing for. Turned out, I was that girl. Simple right? Let's face it. It never is. There's a story between once upon a time and happily ever after...And this one is ours. Author's note - The Baller is a full-length standalone novel. Due to strong language and sexual content, this book is not intended for readers under the age of 18.
      The Book of Basketball: The NBA According to The Sports Guy
There is only one writer on the planet who possesses enough basketball knowledge and passion to write the definitive book on the NBA.* Bill Simmons, the from-the-womb hoops addict known to millions as ESPN.com's ports Guy, is that writer. And The Book of Basketball is that book. Nowhere in the roundball universe will you find another single volume that covers as much in such depth as this wildly opinionated and thoroughly entertaining look at the past, present, and future of pro basketball.From the age-old question of who actually won the rivalry between Bill Russell and Wilt Chamberlain to the one about which team was truly the best of all time, Simmons opens–and then closes, once and for all–every major pro basketball debate. Then he takes it further by completely reevaluating not only how NBA Hall of Fame inductees should be chosen but how the institution must be reshaped from the ground up, the result being the Pyramid: Simmons's ne-of-a-kind, five-level shrine to the ninety-six greatest players in the history of pro basketball. And ultimately he takes fans to the heart of it all, as he uses a conversation with one NBA great to uncover that coveted thing: The Secret of Basketball.Comprehensive, authoritative, controversial, hilarious, and impossible to put down (even for Celtic-haters), The Book of Basketball offers every hardwood fan a courtside seat beside the game's inest, funniest, and fiercest chronicler.* More to the point, he's he only one crazy enough to try to pull it off. 
      The Art of Fielding
At Westish College, a small school on the shore of Lake Michigan, baseball star Henry Skrimshander seems destined for big league stardom. But when a routine throw goes disastrously off course, the fates of five people are upended. Henry's fight against self-doubt threatens to ruin his future. College president Guert Affenlight, a longtime bachelor, has fallen unexpectedly and helplessly in love. Owen Dunne, Henry's gay roommate and teammate, becomes caught up in a dangerous affair. Mike Schwartz, the Harpooners' team captain and Henry's best friend, realizes he has guided Henry's career at the expense of his own. And Pella Affenlight, Guert's daughter, returns to Westish after escaping an ill-fated marriage, determined to start a new life. As the season counts down to its climactic final game, these five are forced to confront their deepest hopes, anxieties, and secrets. In the process they forge new bonds, and help one another find their true paths. Written with boundless intelligence and filled with the tenderness of youth, The Art of Fielding is an expansive, warmhearted novel about ambition and its limits, about family and friendship and love, and about commitment - to oneself and to others.
      The Friend Zone
Gray doesn t make friends with women. He has sex with them. Until Ivy. The last thing star tight-end Gray Grayson wants to do is drive his agent's aughter's ubblegum pink car. But he needs the wheels and she's tudying abroad. Something he explains when she sends him an irate text to let him know exactly how much pain she ll put him in if he crashes her beloved ride. Before he knows it, Ivy Mackenzie has become his best texting bud. But then Ivy comes home and everything goes haywire. Because the only thing Gray can think of is being with Ivy.Ivy doesn t have sex with friends. Especially not with a certain football player. No matter how hot he makes her… Gray drives Ivy crazy. He's rreverent, sex on a stick, and completely off limits. Because, Ivy has one golden rule: never get involved with one of her father's lients. A rule that's roving harder to keep now that Gray is doing his best to seduce her. Her best friend is fast becoming the most irresistible guy she's ver met.Which means Gray is going to have to use all his skills to get himself out of the friend zone and into Ivy's eart. Game on
      Ghost
Running. That's all that Ghost (real name Castle Cranshaw) has ever known. But never for a track team. Nope, his game has always been ball. But when Ghost impulsively challenges an elite sprinter to a race -- and wins -- the Olympic medalist track coach sees he has something: crazy natural talent. Thing is, Ghost has something else: a lot of anger, and a past that he is trying to outrun. Can Ghost harness his raw talent for speed and meld with the team, or will his past finally catch up to him?
      From Lukov with Love
If someone were to ask Jasmine Santos to describe the last few years of her life with a single word, it would definitely be a four-letter one.After seventeen years—and countless broken bones and broken promises—she knows her window to compete in figure skating is coming to a close.But when the offer of a lifetime comes in from an arrogant idiot she's pent the last decade dreaming about pushing in the way of a moving bus, Jasmine might have to reconsider everything.Including Ivan Lukov.
      The Game Plan
A beard-related dare and one hot-as-hell kiss changes everything.Nfl center Ethan Dexter's ocus has always been on playing football and little else. Except when it comes to one particular woman. The lovely Fiona Mackenzie might not care about his fame, but she's lso never looked at him as anything more than one of her brother-in-law's est friend. That ends now. Fi doesn t know what to make of Dex. The bearded, tattooed, mountain of man-muscle looks more like a biker than a football player. Rumor has it he's  virgin, but she finds that hard to believe. Because from the moment he decides to turn his quiet intensity on her she's eft weak at the knees and aching to see his famous control fully unleashed. Dex is looking for a forever girl, but they live vastly different lives in separate cities. Fi ought to guard her heart and walk away. But Dex has upped his game and is using all his considerable charm to convince Fi he's her forever man.Game On
      The Goal
Librarian's note: An alternate cover edition can be found hereShe's ood at achieving her goals…College senior Sabrina James has her whole future planned out: graduate from college, kick butt in law school, and land a high-paying job at a cutthroat firm. Her path to escaping her shameful past certainly doesn t include a gorgeous hockey player who believes in love at first sight. One night of sizzling heat and surprising tenderness is all she's illing to give John Tucker, but sometimes, one night is all it takes for your entire life to change.But the game just got a whole lot more complicated...Tucker believes being a team player is as important as being the star. On the ice, he's ine staying out of the spotlight, but when it comes to becoming a daddy at the age of twenty-two, he refuses to be a bench warmer. It doesn t hurt that the soon-to-be mother of his child is beautiful, whip-smart, and keeps him on his toes. The problem is, Sabrina's eart is locked up tight, and the fiery brunette is too stubborn to accept his help. If he wants a life with the woman of his dreams, he ll have to convince her that some goals can only be made with an assist.
      Seabiscuit: An American Legend
There's an alternate cover edition hereSeabiscuit was one of the most electrifying and popular attractions in sports history and the single biggest newsmaker in the world in 1938, receiving more coverage than FDR, Hitler, or Mussolini. But his success was a surprise to the racing establishment, which had written off the crooked-legged racehorse with the sad tail. Three men changed Seabiscuit's ortunes:Charles Howard was a onetime bicycle repairman who introduced the automobile to the western United States and became an overnight millionaire. When he needed a trainer for his new racehorses, he hired Tom Smith, a mysterious mustang breaker from the Colorado plains. Smith urged Howard to buy Seabiscuit for a bargain-basement price, then hired as his jockey Red Pollard, a failed boxer who was blind in one eye, half-crippled, and prone to quoting passages from Ralph Waldo Emerson. Over four years, these unlikely partners survived a phenomenal run of bad fortune, conspiracy, and severe injury to transform Seabiscuit from a neurotic, pathologically indolent also-ran into an American sports icon. Author Laura Hillenbrand brilliantly re-creates a universal underdog story, one that proves life is a horse race.From the Hardcover edition.
      Us
Can your favorite hockey players finish their first season together undefeated?Five months in, NHL forward Ryan Wesley is having a record-breaking rookie season. He's iving his dream of playing pro hockey and coming home every night to the man he loves—Jamie Canning, his longtime best friend turned boyfriend. There's ust one problem: the most important relationship of his life is one he needs to keep hidden, or else face a media storm that will eclipse his success on the ice.Jamie loves Wes. He really, truly does. But hiding sucks. It's ot the life Jamie envisioned for himself, and the strain of keeping their secret is taking its toll. It doesn t help that his new job isn t going as smoothly as he d hoped, but he knows he can power through it as long as he has Wes. At least apartment 10B is their retreat, where they can always be themselves.Or can they? When Wes's osiest teammate moves in upstairs, the threads of their carefully woven lie begin to unravel. With the outside world determined to take its best shot at them, can Wes and Jamie develop major-league relationship skills on the fly?Warning: contains sexual situations, a vibrating chair, long-distance sexytimes and proof that hockey players look hot in any shade of green.
      The Hooker and the Hermit
Book #1 in the USA TODAY BESTSELLING Rugby SeriesNew York's inestBlogging as *The Socialmedialite*April 22LADIES AND GENTS! I have an announcement!You know that guy I featured on my blog a few months ago? The really, really hot Irish rugby player who plays the position of ‘hooker  in the RLI (Rugby League International)? The one with the anger management issues, the body of a gladiator and the face of a movie star? The one with the questionable fashion choices leading me to ask whether he was the lovechild of a leprechaun and a hobbit? Ronan Fitzpatrick? Yeah, that guy. Well, I have a confession to make…THE HERMITAnnie Catrel, social media expert extraordinaire at Davidson & Croft Media and clandestine celebrity blogger, can make anyone shine in the court of public opinion. She is the Socialmedialite, anonymous creator of New York's inest and the internet's arling. Virtual reality is Annie's orte, but actual reality? Not so much.THE HOOKERRonan Fitzpatrick, aka the best hooker the world of rugby has seen in decades, despises the media—social or otherwise. The press has spun a web of lies depicting him as rugby's ild and reckless bad boy. Suspended from his team, Ronan has come to Manhattan to escape the drama, lay low, fly under the radar. Only, Ronan isn t easy to overlook, and he can t escape the notice of the Socialmedialite…THE PLANWhen Ronan is sent to Davidson & Croft Media to reshape his public image, he never expects to cross paths with shy but beautiful Annie, nor does he expect his fierce attraction to her. He couldn t be happier when her boss suggests pairing them together.What lengths will Annie take to keep her virtual identity concealed? And what happens when the hooker discovers who the hermit really is?
      Sweet Home
At age twenty, Molly Shakespeare knows a lot.She knows Descartes and Kant.She knows academia and Oxford.She knows that the people who love you leave you.She knows how to be alone. But when Molly leaves England's grey skies behind to start a new life at the University of Alabama, she finds that she has a lot to learn — she didn't know a summer could be so hot, she didn't know students could be so intimidating, and she certainly didn't know just how much the folks of Alabama love their football.When a chance encounter with notorious star quarterback, Romeo Prince, leaves her unable to think of anything but his chocolate-brown eyes, dirty-blond hair and perfect physique, Molly soon realises that her quiet, solitary life is about to dramatically change forever...Mature New Adult novel — contains adult content, highly sexual situations and mature topics. Suited for ages 18 and up*
      The Boys of Summer
This is a book about young men who learned to play baseball during the 1930s and 1940s, and then went on to play for one of the most exciting major-league ball clubs ever fielded, the team that broke the color barrier with Jackie Robinson. It is a book by and about a sportswriter who grew up near Ebbets Field, and who had the good fortune in the 1950s to cover the Dodgers for the Herald Tribune. This is a book about what happened to Jackie, Carl Erskine, Pee Wee Reese, and the others when their glory days were behind them. In short, it is a book about America, about fathers and sons, prejudice and courage, triumph and disaster, and told with warmth, humor, wit, candor, and love.
      Catching Jordan
ONE OF THE BOYSWhat girl doesn't want to be surrounded by gorgeous jocks day in and day out? Jordan Woods isn't just surrounded by hot guys, though-she leads them as the captain and quarterback of her high school football team. They all see her as one of the guys and that's just fine. As long as she gets her athletic scholarship to a powerhouse university.But everything she's ever worked for is threatened when Ty Green moves to her school. Not only is he an amazing QB, but he's also amazingly hot. And for the first time, Jordan's feeling vulnerable. Can she keep her head in the game while her heart's on the line?
      Fever Pitch
In America, it is soccer. But in Great Britain, it is the real football. No pads, no prayers, no prisoners. And that's before the players even take the field.Nick Hornby has been a football fan since the moment he was conceived. Call it predestiny. Or call it preschool. Fever Pitch is his tribute to a lifelong obsession. Part autobiography, part comedy, part incisive analysis of insanity, Hornby's award-winning memoir captures the fever pitch of fandom — its agony and ecstasy, its community, its defining role in thousands of young mens' coming-of-age stories. Fever Pitch is one for the home team. But above all, it is one for everyone who knows what it really means to have a losing season.
      The Year We Fell Down
Alternate cover for this ASIN can be found here The sport she loves is out of reach. The boy she loves has someone else. What now? She expected to start Harkness College as a varsity ice hockey player. But a serious accident means that Corey Callahan will start school in a wheelchair instead. Across the hall, in the other handicapped-accessible dorm room, lives the too-delicious-to-be real Adam Hartley, another would-be hockey star with his leg broken in two places. He's way out of Corey's league. Also, he's taken. Nevertheless, an unlikely alliance blooms between Corey and Hartley in the gimp ghetto of McHerrin Hall. Over tequila, perilously balanced dining hall trays, and video games, the two cope with disappointments that nobody else understands. They're just friends, of course, until one night when things fall apart. Or fall together. All Corey knows is that she's falling. Hard. But will Hartley set aside his trophy girl to love someone as broken as Corey? If he won't, she will need to find the courage to make a life for herself at Harkness -- one which does not revolve around the sport she can no longer play, or the brown-eyed boy who's afraid to love her back.
      Soccernomics
Why do England lose? Why does Scotland suck? Why doesn t America dominate the sport internationally... and why do the Germans play with such an efficient but robotic style?These are questions every soccer aficionado has asked. Soccernomics answers them.Using insights and analogies from economics, statistics, psychology, and business to cast a new and entertaining light on how the game works, Soccernomics reveals the often surprisingly counter-intuitive truths about soccer.
      Good Boy
Hosting her brother's edding for an MVP guest list is the challenge of Jess Canning's ife. Already the family screw-up, she can t afford to fail. And nobody - absolutely nobody! - can learn of the colossal mistake she made with the best man during a weak moment last spring. It was wrong, and there will not be a repeat. Absolutely not. Even if he is the sexiest thing on two legs.Blake Riley sees the wedding as fate's ift to him. Jess is the maid of honor, and he's he best man? Let the games begin. So what if he's acing a little (fine, a lot) of resistance? He just needs to convince the stubborn blonde that he's eally a good boy with a bad rap. Luckily, every professional hockey player knows that you ve got to make an effort if you want to score.But Jess has more pressing issues to deal with than sexy-times with a giant man-child. Such as: Will the ceremony start on time, even though someone got grandma drunk? Does glitter ever belong at a wedding? And is it wrong to murder the best man?Caution: May cause accidental aspiration of tea or coffee. Do not read in a public place where loud laughter is inappropriate. Contains hot but hilarious hockey players, puppy cuddling and a snarky pair of underwear.
      The Chase
Everyone says opposites attract. And they must be right, because there's o logical reason why I m so drawn to Colin Fitzgerald. I don t usually go for tattoo-covered, video-gaming, hockey-playing nerd-jocks who think I m flighty and superficial. His narrow view of me is the first strike against him. It doesn t help that he's uddy-buddy with my brother.And that his best friend has a crush on me.And that I just moved in with them.Oh, did I not mention we re roommates?I suppose it doesn t matter. Fitzy has made it clear he's ot interested in me, even though the sparks between us are liable to burn our house down. I m not the kind of girl who chases after a man, though, and I m not about to start. I ve got my hands full dealing with a new school, a sleazy professor, and an uncertain future. So if my sexy brooding roomie wises up and realizes what he's issing?He knows where to find me.
      Taking a Shot
 If you want to score, you have to get in the game... The last thing Jenna Riley needs is more sports in her life. While her brothers are off being athletic superstars, she's stuck running the family's sports bar, whether she likes it or not. Then in walks pro hockey stud Tyler Anderson. As much as Jenna would like to go to the boards with him, she's vowed to never fall for a jock-even one as hot as Ty.Ty, intrigued by the beautiful bar owner, becomes a regular. He senses that Jenna wants to do something more with her life. And as he gains her trust, the passion between them grows, as does Ty's insistence that Jenna should start living for herself. With his encouragement, Jenna starts to believe it, too...But first, Jenna has to figure out what she wants, what she needs, who she loves, and if she has the passion and pride to take a shot at having it all-including Ty...
      Those Guys Have All the Fun: Inside the World of ESPN
In the exclusive behind the scenes look, sports fans can unlock the fascinating history of the channel that changed the way people watch and interact with their favorite teams. It began, in 1979, as a mad idea of starting a cable channel to televise local sporting events throughout the state of Connecticut. Today, ESPN is arguably the most successful network in modern television history, spanning eight channels in the Unites States and around the world. But the inside story of its rise has never been fully told-until now.  Drawing upon over 500 interviews with the greatest names in ESPN's history and an All-Star collection of some of the world's finest athletes, bestselling authors James Miller and Tom Shales take us behind the cameras. Now, in their own words, the men and women who made ESPN great reveal the secrets behind its success-as well as the many scandals, rivalries, off-screen battles and triumphs that have accompanied that ascent. From the unknown producers and business visionaries to the most famous faces on television, it's all here.
      The Understatement of the Year
What happened in high school stayed in high school. Until now.  Five years ago, Michael Graham betrayed the only person who ever really knew him. Since then, he's ade an art of hiding his sexuality from everyone. Including himself.  So it's  shock when his past strolls right into the Harkness College locker room, sporting a bag of hockey gear and the same slow smile that had always rendered Graham defenseless. For Graham, there is only one possible reaction: total, debilitating panic. With one loose word, the team's ew left wing could destroy Graham's ife as he knows it.  John Rikker is stuck being the new guy. Again. And it's orse than usual, because the media has latched onto the story of the only out  player in Division One hockey. As the satellite trucks line the sidewalk outside the rink, his new teammates are not amused.  And one player in particular looks sick every time he enters the room.  Rikker didn t exactly expect a warm welcome from Graham. But the guy won t even meet his eyes. From the looks of it, his former… best friend / boyfriend / whatever isn t doing so well. He drinks too much and can t focus during practice.  Either the two loneliest guys on the team will self destruct from all the new pressures in their lives, or they can navigate the pain to find a way back to one another. To say that it won t be easy is the Understatement of the Year.  Warning: unlike the other books in this series, this heartbreaking love story is about two guys. Contains sexual situations, dance music, snarky t-shirts and a poker-playing grandmother.THIS BOOK IS A STANDALONE. NO CLIFFHANGERS. NO PRIOR EXPERIENCE NECESSARY.
      Rookie Move
The first novel in a sexy new series featuring the hockey players of the Brooklyn Bruisers and the women who win their hearts—from the USA Today bestselling author of the Ivy Years series.
      Garrett
Carolina Cold Fury star Garrett Samuelson never wants to miss out on a single minute of fun. Whether he's laying hockey, hanging out with friends, or walking the red carpet with a new date on his arm, he lives every day to the fullest. When he meets Olivia Case, he sees someone who's xactly his type—confident, sexy, smart . . . his next fling. But the more he pursues her, the more Garrett shares a side of himself that other women don t normally get to see. Olivia has been keeping a secret. While Garrett lives for the next thrill, Olivia's ot sure she ll live to see the next day. She's ndergoing treatment for some serious medical issues, and she doesn t have time for a relationship with no guarantees—especially one with a hot-as-sin womanizer who won t take no for an answer. But as she gets to know the real Garrett, Olivia can t help falling for him . . . hard. To reveal the truth would mean risking everything—but you can t score without taking the tough shots.
      What I Talk About When I Talk About Running
In 1982, having sold his jazz bar to devote himself to writing, Murakami began running to keep fit. A year later, he'd completed a solo course from Athens to Marathon, and now, after dozens of such races, not to mention triathlons and a dozen critically acclaimed books, he reflects upon the influence the sport has had on his life and--even more important--on his writing. Equal parts training log, travelogue, and reminiscence, this revealing memoir covers his four-month preparation for the 2005 New York City Marathon and takes us to places ranging from Tokyo's Jingu Gaien gardens, where he once shared the course with an Olympian, to the Charles River in Boston among young women who outpace him. Through this marvelous lens of sport emerges a panorama of memories and insights: the eureka moment when he decided to become a writer, his greatest triumphs and disappointments, his passion for vintage LPs, and the experience, after fifty, of seeing his race times improve and then fall back. By turns funny and sobering, playful and philosophical, What I Talk About When I Talk About Running is rich and revelatory, both for fans of this masterful yet guardedly private writer and for the exploding population of athletes who find similar satisfaction in distance running.
      Check, Please! Book 1: # Hockey
Helloooo, Internet Land. Bitty here!Y all... I might not be ready for this. I may be a former junior figure skating champion, vlogger extraordinaire, and very talented amateur patissier, but being a freshman on the Samwell University hockey team is a whole new challenge. It's othing like co-ed club hockey back in Georgia! First of all? There's hecking. And then, there is Jack—our very attractive but moody captain.A collection of the first half of the megapopular webcomic series of the same name, Check, Please!: #Hockey is the first book of a hilarious and stirring two-volume coming-of-age story about hockey, bros, and trying to find yourself during the best four years of your life.
      The Sports Gene: Inside the Science of Extraordinary Athletic Performance
Now a New York Times Bestseller! With a new chapter added to the paperback. In high school, I wondered whether the Jamaican Americans who made our track team so successful might carry some special speed gene from their tiny island. In college, I ran against Kenyans, and wondered whether endurance genes might have traveled with them from East Africa. At the same time, I began to notice that a training group on my team could consist of five men who run next to one another, stride for stride, day after day, and nonetheless turn out five entirely different runners. How could this be?We all knew a star athlete in high school. The one who made it look so easy. He was the starting quarterback and shortstop; she was the all-state point guard and high-jumper. Naturals. Or were they?The debate is as old as physical competition. Are stars like Usain Bolt, Michael Phelps, and Serena Williams genetic freaks put on Earth to dominate their respective sports? Or are they simply normal people who overcame their biological limits through sheer force of will and obsessive training?The truth is far messier than a simple dichotomy between nature and nurture. In the decade since the sequencing of the human genome, researchers have slowly begun to uncover how the relationship between biological endowments and a competitor's raining environment affects athleticism. Sports scientists have gradually entered the era of modern genetic research.In this controversial and engaging exploration of athletic success, Sports Illustrated senior writer David Epstein tackles the great nature vs. nurture debate and traces how far science has come in solving this great riddle. He investigates the so-called 10,000-hour rule to uncover whether rigorous and consistent practice from a young age is the only route to athletic excellence.Along the way, Epstein dispels many of our perceptions about why top athletes excel. He shows why some skills that we assume are innate, like the bullet-fast reactions of a baseball or cricket batter, are not, and why other characteristics that we assume are entirely voluntary, like an athlete's ill to train, might in fact have important genetic components.This subject necessarily involves digging deep into sensitive topics like race and gender. Epstein explores controversial questions such as:Are black athletes genetically predetermined to dominate both sprinting and distance running, and are their abilities influenced by Africa's eography?Are there genetic reasons to separate male and female athletes in competition?Should we test the genes of young children to determine if they are destined for stardom?Can genetic testing determine who is at risk of injury, brain damage, or even death on the field?Through on-the-ground reporting from below the equator and above the Arctic Circle, revealing conversations with leading scientists and Olympic champions, and interviews with athletes who have rare genetic mutations or physical traits, Epstein forces us to rethink the very nature of athleticism. 
      Booked
National Book Award Long ListNew York Times Bestseller Like lightning/you strike/fast and free/legs zoom/down field/eyes fixed/on the checkered ball/on the goal/ten yards to go/can t nobody stop you/can t nobody cop you…In this follow-up to the Newbery-winning novel THE CROSSOVER,  soccer, family, love, and friendship, take center stage as twelve-year-old Nick learns the power of words as he wrestles with problems at home, stands up to a bully, and tries to impress the girl of his dreams. Helping him along are his best friend and sometimes teammate Coby, and The Mac, a rapping librarian who gives Nick inspiring books to read.  This electric and heartfelt novel-in-verse by poet Kwame Alexander bends and breaks as it captures all the thrills and setbacks, action and emotion of a World Cup match!
      Calico Joe
A surprising and moving novel of fathers and sons, forgiveness and redemption, set in the world of Major League Baseball.Whatever happened to Calico Joe?When he arrived in Philadelphia, a cab delivered him to Veterans Stadium, where he was quickly fixed for a uniform, given Number 42, and hustled onto the field. The Cubs were already taking batting practice. Understandably, he was nervous, thrilled, almost bewildered, and when the manager, Whitey Lockman, said, Get loose. You're starting at first and hitting seventh, Joe Castle had trouble gripping his brand-new bat. In his first round of major-league batting practice, he swung at the first two pitches and missed.He would not miss again for a long time.In the summer of 1973 Joe Castle was the boy wonder of baseball, the greatest rookie anyone had ever seen. The kid from Calico Rock, Arkansas, dazzled Cub fans as he hit home run after home run, politely tipping his hat to the crowd as he shattered all rookie records.Calico Joe quickly became the idol of every baseball fan in America, including Paul Tracey, the young son of a hard-partying and hard-throwing Mets pitcher. On the day that Warren Tracey finally faced Calico Joe, Paul was in the stands, rooting for his idol but also for his dad. Then Warren threw a fastball that would change their lives forever.In John Grisham's ew novel the baseball is thrilling, but it's hat happens off the field that makes Calico Joe a classic.
      Nobody's Baby But Mine
Librarian Note: There is an Alternate Cover Edition for this edition of this book here.Genius physics professor Dr. Jane Darlington desperately wants a baby. But finding a father won t be easy. Jane's uper-intelligence made her feel like a freak when she was growing up, and she's etermined to spare her own child that suffering. Which means she must find someone very special to father her child. Someone who's ore comfortable working out his muscles than exercising his brain.Cal Bonner, the Chicago Stars  legendary quarterback, seems like the perfect choice. But his champion good looks and down-home ways are deceiving. Dr. Jane is about to learn a little too late that this good ol  boy is a lot smarter than he lets on—and he's ot about to be used and abandoned by a brainy, baby-mad schemer.
      Eight Men Out: The Black Sox and the 1919 World Series
The headlines proclaimed the 1919 fix of the World Series and attempted cover-up as the most gigantic sporting swindle in the history of America! First published in 1963, Eight Men Out has become a timeless classic. Eliot Asinof has reconstructed the entire scene-by-scene story of the fantastic scandal in which eight Chicago White Sox players arranged with the nation's leading gamblers to throw the Series in Cincinnati. Mr. Asinof vividly describes the tense meetings, the hitches in the conniving, the actual plays in which the Series was thrown, the Grand Jury indictment, and the famous 1921 trial. Moving behind the scenes, he perceptively examines the motives and backgrounds of the players and the conditions that made the improbable fix all too possible. Here, too, is a graphic picture of the American underworld that managed the fix, the deeply shocked newspapermen who uncovered the story, and the war-exhausted nation that turned with relief and pride to the Series, only to be rocked by the scandal. Far more than a superbly told baseball story, this is a compelling slice of American history in the aftermath of World War I and at the cusp of the Roaring Twenties.
      The Raven King
The Foxes are a fractured mess, but their latest disaster might be the miracle they've always needed to come together as a team. The one person standing in their way is Andrew, and the only one who can break through his personal barriers is Neil.Except Andrew doesn't give up anything for free and Neil is terrible at trusting anyone but himself. The two don't have much time to come to terms with their situation before outside forces start tearing them apart. Riko is intent on destroying Neil's fragile new life, and the Foxes have just become collateral damage.Neil's days are numbered, but he's learning the hard way to go down fighting for what he believes in, and Neil believes in Andrew even if Andrew won't believe in himself.
      Shoeless Joe
If you build it, he will come.  These mysterious words inspire Ray Kinsella to create a cornfield baseball diamond in honor of his hero, Shoeless Joe Jackson. What follows is a rich, nostalgic look at one of our most cherished national pastimes and a remarkable story about fathers and sons, love and family, and the inimitable joy of finding your way home.
      The Breaks of the Game
Among the best books ever written on professional basketball. The Philadelphia InquirerDavid Halberstam, best-selling author of THE FIFTIES and THE BEST AND THE BRIGHTEST, turns his keen reporter's eye on the sport of basketball -- the players and the coaches, the long road trips, what happens on court, in front of television cameras, and off-court, where no eyes have followed -- until now.
      The King's Men
Neil Josten is out of time. He knew when he came to PSU he wouldn't survive the year, but with his death right around the corner he's got more reasons than ever to live.Befriending the Foxes was inadvisable. Kissing one is unthinkable. Neil should know better than to get involved with anyone this close to the end, but Andrew's never been the easiest person to walk away from. If they both say it doesn't mean anything, maybe Neil won't regret losing it, but the one person Neil can't lie to is himself.He's got promises to keep and a team to get to championships if he can just outrun Riko a little longer, but Riko's not the only monster in Neil's life. The truth might get them all killed—or be Neil's one shot at getting out of this alive.
      Playing to Win
Someone's oing to have to let down their guard… Football star Cole Riley is notorious for doing as he pleases—on the field and off. He parties hard and fights harder, but if he doesn t clean up his act, his career is over—so Cole reluctantly agrees to work with image makeover consultant Savannah Brooks. He's ot used to being told what to do, especially by some (admittedly hot) Southern belle. As for Savannah, she's ot convinced she can transform this cocky (and aggressively sexy) force of nature. But she's etermined to give it her best shot. When the sparks start to fly, Savannah lays down the ground rules: no personal complications. If she can turn off the tingle she feels every time Cole gives her a hot stare with his gorgeous baby blues, he can turn off his desire as well. But for two people determined to have it all, a hands-off policy can only last so long before one of them yields.
      Long Shot
A Standalone FORBIDDEN LOVE SET IN THE EXPLOSIVE WORLD OF THE NBA...Think you know what it's like being a baller's girl?You don't.My fairy tale is upside down.A happily never after.I kissed the prince and he turned into a fraud.I was a fool, and his love - fool's gold.Now there's a new player in the game, August West. One of the NBA's brightest stars.Fine. Forbidden. He wants me. I want him.But my past, my fraudulent prince, just won't let me go.*Some aspects of this story may be sensitive for some readers.
      Enemies
Stone Reeves was my neighbor, and I've hated him since sixth grade.Gorgeous and charismatic, he became the town's football god, while I became the town's invisible girl.He went to a Division 1 school for football, while my father was fired by his father.His team won the National Championship, while my mother died the same day.He was a first round pick for the Nfl ...... while I made the worst decision of my life.Now I'm in Texas trying to pick up the pieces of my life.But, Stone is here.Stone is everywhere.It doesn't matter that disaster has struck my life again.It doesn't matter that he's the one trying to console me.It doesn't matter that he's the nation's newest football obsession.Because for me, he always has been and always will be my enemy.** Enemies is a 100k enemies-to-lovers football romance standalone!
      The Perfect Game
He's a game she never intended to play. And she's the game changer he never knew he needed.The Perfect Game tells the story of college juniors, Cassie Andrews & Jack Carter. When Cassie meets rising baseball hopeful Jack, she is determined to steer clear of him and his typical cocky attitude. But Jack has other things on his mind... like getting Cassie to give him the time of day. They're both damaged, filled with mistrust and guarded before they find one another (and themselves) in this emotional journey about love and forgiveness. Strap yourselves for a ride that will not only break your heart, but put it back together. Sometimes life gets ugly before it gets beautiful...This is a MATURE YOUNG ADULT/NEW ADULT novelSuitable for ages 17+ Contains strong language, sexual situations and references
      Jock Row
Scarlett is always the sensible one: The sober driver. The planner. The one holding your hair back while you're worshiping the porcelain gods. Week-after-week, she visits Jock Row with her friends — the university's hottest party scene and breeding ground for student athletes. And if keeping her friends out of trouble, and guys out of their pants, was a sport, she'd be the star athlete.Being a well known jock-blocker gets her noticed for all the wrong reasons; just like that, she's banned from Jock Row. NO GUY WANTS A GIRL AROUND WHO KEEPS THEIR JOCK FRIENDS FROM GETTING LAID.Rowdy Wade is the hot shot short-stop for the university's baseball team — and the unlucky bastard who drew the short straw: keep little Miss Goody Two-Shoes out of the Baseball House. But week-after-week Scarlett returns, determined to get inside.
      Stay
Can you fall in love with someone you've never even met? Hailey Taylor Emery has a hunch that her favorite client at Fetch—an anonymous virtual assistant service—is actually hockey star Matt Eriksson.  Although it's against the rules for her to check his file, she's 95% sure she spends at least part of each day texting with her lifelong crush and catering to his every need. Still nursing a wounded heart thanks to her recent breakup, Hailey is perfectly content with some harmless online flirting... until she has to meet her client. Face to face. Cue: utter panic. Matt Eriksson is no stranger to heartbreak. He's still not over the destruction of his marriage, and it sucks to be the only guy on the team who knows the truth—that hockey and long-term relationships are a toxic mix. He barely sees his kids, and dealing with his ex makes him feel insane. The only person in his life who seems to understand is someone who won't show her pretty face. But it's nothing that a pair of fourth row hockey seats can't fix. Hailey can't resist the offer. Matt can't resist Hailey. Good thing he doesn't have to. Fire up the kiss cam! Warning: Contains rabid hockey fans, misunderstood dick pics, hockey players at the opera and exploding ovaries.
      A Season on the Brink: A Year with Bob Knight and the Indiana Hoosiers
A Season on the Brink chronicles the basketball season that John Feinstein spent following the Indiana Hoosiers and their fiery coach, Bob Knight. Knight granted Feinstein an unprecedented inside look at college basketball -- with complete access to every moment of the season. Feinstein saw and heard it all -- practices, team meetings, strategy sessions, and mid-game huddles -- during Knight's struggle to avoid a losing season.A Season on the Brink not only captures the drama and pressure of big-time college basketball but paints a vivid portrait of a complex, brilliant coach walking a fine line between genius and madness.
      Pucked Up
Miller Buck  Butterson has been banging his way through life ever since a puck to the face fixed his messed up front teeth, and he was drafted into the NHL during his first year of college. After five years of deflecting goals on the ice and scoring them with puck bunnies across the Continental US and parts of Canada, Miller is ready for a girlfriend. A real girlfriend of the non-bunny variety. One he takes on dates and doesn t jump into bed with after five seconds of conversation.Miller thinks he's ound that woman in his teammate's ister. Except, unlike Alex Waters, center, team captain and all round nice guy—who happens to be dating his step-sister—Miller's anwhore reputation is well earned, and not blown out of proportion by the media. Beyond that minor detail, Miller doesn t know the first thing about having a girlfriend. But he's etermined to make it happen. What he doesn t take into account is the amount of time and effort relationships require, or that constantly letting bunnies take selfies with him to post all over social media isn t going to win him any points in the boyfriend department. Miller learns—not so quickly—that if he wants to make Sunshine Sunny  Waters fall for him, he going to have to do a whole lot more than show her his stick skills in the bedroom.Length: 11 hours and 18 minutes
      Trying to Score
In a captivating novel of second chances and healing hearts, the newest member of the Nashville Assassins pulls a power play to make things right with the one that got away.  Fallon Parker's ream has always been to turn her family's ine company into a runaway success and eventually start a cellar of her own. Since graduating from college, she has worked relentlessly to make that dream a reality, especially after taking a chance on love—and losing. By the time Fallon becomes an official sponsor of the Nashville Assassins, she feels like all her hard work is finally paying off. And then the man who broke her heart skates back into her life.   On the ice, Lucas Brooks is the NHL's eading scorer—at least when he's ot in the box. Off the ice, he's  mess, with all his anger and misery bottled up inside. He threw away the most important person in his life and has regretted it ever since. But when Lucas returns to Nashville in a trade, he's etermined to convince Fallon that he's  changed man. The attraction is still there. The tension is electrifying. But the odds are stacked against them—especially after Lucas finds out that Fallon has been keeping a devastating secret.
      Dairy Queen
When you don t talk, there's  lot of stuff that ends up not getting said.Harsh words indeed, from Brian Nelson of all people. But, D. J. can t help admitting, maybe he's ight. When you don t talk, there's  lot of stuff that ends up not getting said.Stuff like why her best friend, Amber, isn t so friendly anymore. Or why her little brother, Curtis, never opens his mouth. Why her mom has two jobs and a big secret. Why her college-football-star brothers won t even call home. Why her dad would go ballistic if she tried out for the high school football team herself. And why Brian is so, so out of her league. When you don t talk, there's  lot of stuff that ends up not getting said.Welcome to the summer that fifteen-year-old D. J. Schwenk of Red Bend, Wisconsin, learns to talk, and ends up having an awful lot of stuff to say.
      Tigers and Devils
The most important things in Simon Murray's ife are football, friends, and film—in that order. His friends despair of him ever meeting someone, but despite his loneliness, Simon is cautious about looking for more. Then his best friends drag him to a party, where he barges into a football conversation and ends up defending the honour of star forward Declan Tyler—unaware that the athlete is present. In that first awkward meeting, neither man has any idea they will change each other's lives forever.Like his entire family, Simon revels in living in Melbourne, the home of Australian Rules football and mecca for serious fans. There, players are treated like gods—until they do something to fall out of public favour. This year, the public is taking Declan to task for suffering injuries outside his control, so Simon's support is a bright spot.But as Simon and Declan fumble toward a relationship, keeping Declan's homosexuality a secret from well-meaning friends and an increasingly suspicious media becomes difficult. Nothing can stay hidden forever. Soon Declan will have to choose between the career he loves and the man he wants, and Simon has never been known to make things easy—for himself or for others.
      Shoe Dog: A Memoir by the Creator of NIKE
In this candid and riveting memoir, for the first time ever, Nike founder and CEO Phil Knight shares the inside story of the company's arly days as an intrepid start-up and its evolution into one of the world's ost iconic, game-changing, and profitable brands.In 1962, fresh out of business school, Phil Knight borrowed $50 from his father and created a company with a simple mission: import high-quality, low-cost athletic shoes from Japan. Selling the shoes from the trunk of his lime green Plymouth Valiant, Knight grossed $8,000 his first year. Today, Nike's nnual sales top $30 billion. In an age of startups, Nike is the ne plus ultra of all startups, and the swoosh has become a revolutionary, globe-spanning icon, one of the most ubiquitous and recognizable symbols in the world today.But Knight, the man behind the swoosh, has always remained a mystery. Now, for the first time, in a memoir that is candid, humble, gutsy, and wry, he tells his story, beginning with his crossroads moment. At 24, after backpacking around the world, he decided to take the unconventional path, to start his own business—a business that would be dynamic, different.Knight details the many risks and daunting setbacks that stood between him and his dream—along with his early triumphs. Above all, he recalls the formative relationships with his first partners and employees, a ragtag group of misfits and seekers who became a tight-knit band of brothers. Together, harnessing the transcendent power of a shared mission, and a deep belief in the spirit of sport, they built a brand that changed everything.
      Brooklynaire
A sexy new standalone from USA Today bestseller Sarina Bowen.You d think a billion dollars, a professional hockey team and a six-bedroom mansion on the Promenade would satisfy a guy. You d be wrong.For seven years Rebecca has brightened my office with her wit and her smile. She manages both my hockey team and my sanity. I don t know when I started waking in the night, craving her. All I know is that one whiff of her perfume ruins my concentration. And her laugh makes me hard.When Rebecca gets hurt, I step in to help. It's hat friends do. But what friends don t do is rip off each others  clothes for a single, wild night together.Now she's voiding me. She says we re too different, and it can never happen again. So why can t we keep our hands off each other?
      The Studying Hours
CRUDE. ARROGANT. A**HOLE. No doubt about it, Sebastian ‘Oz  Osborne is the university's ost celebrated student athlete—and possibly the biggest douchebag. A walking, talking cliché, he has a filthy mouth, a fantastic body, and doesn t give a sh*t about what you or anyone else thinks.  SMART. CLASSY. CONSERVATIVE. Make no mistake, Jameson Clarke may be the university's ost diligent student—but she is no prude. Spending most of her time in the hallowed halls of the library, James is wary of pervs, jocks, and douchebags—and Oz Osborne is all three.  She's mart, sarcastic—and not what he expected.  …EVERY DOUCHBAG HAS HIS WEAKNESS.  He wants to be friends. He wants to spend time with her. He wants to drive her crazy.  He wants…  Her.
      Scorecasting: The Hidden Influences Behind How Sports Are Played and Games Are Won
In Scorecasting, University of Chicago behavioral economist Tobias Moskowitz teams up with veteran Sports Illustrated writer L. Jon Wertheim to overturn some of the most cherished truisms of sports, and reveal the hidden forces that shape how basketball, baseball, football, and hockey games are played, won and lost.Drawing from Moskowitz's original research, as well as studies from fellow economists such as bestselling author Richard Thaler, the authors look at: the influence home-field advantage has on the outcomes of games in all sports and why it exists; the surprising truth about the universally accepted axiom that defense wins championships;  the subtle biases that umpires exhibit in calling balls and strikes in key situations; the unintended consequences of referees' tendencies in every sport to swallow the whistle, and more.Among the insights that Scorecasting reveals:Why Tiger Woods is prone to the same mistake in high-pressure putting situations that you and I areWhy professional teams routinely overvalue draft picks The myth of momentum  or the hot hand in sports, and why so many fans, coaches, and broadcasters fervently subscribe to itWhy Nfl coaches rarely go for a first down on fourth-down situations--even when their reluctance to do so reduces their chances of winning.In an engaging narrative that takes us from the putting greens of Augusta to the grid iron of a small parochial high school in Arkansas, Scorecasting will forever change how you view the game, whatever your favorite sport might be.
      Anything but Minor
She's  nerd. Heyyyy! Okay, she's  flight instructor. Better. He's  ballplayer. The best that ever was. Technically, you aren t according to MLB stats. See? Total nerd. She also has no filter. He's o southern gentlemen. I had one last season to prove my worth. I d never seen a game. He told me he was a player. She told me she was a lesbian. But you fell in love with me anyway. Yeah, baby, I totally did. 
      When Pride Still Mattered: A Life Of Vince Lombardi
In this groundbreaking biography, David Maraniss captures all of football great Vince Lombardi: the myth, the man, his game, and his God.More than any other sports figure, Vince Lombardi transformed football into a metaphor of the American experience. The son of an Italian immigrant butcher, Lombardi toiled for twenty frustrating years as a high school coach and then as an assistant at Fordham, West Point, and the New York Giants before his big break came at age forty-six with the chance to coach a struggling team in snowbound Wisconsin. His leadership of the Green Bay Packers to five world championships in nine seasons is the most storied period in Nfl history. Lombardi became a living legend, a symbol to many of leadership, discipline, perseverance, and teamwork, and to others of an obsession with winning. In When Pride Still Mattered, Pulitzer Prize-winning author David Maraniss captures the myth and the man, football, God, and country in a thrilling biography destined to become an American classic.
      All Lined Up
In Texas, two things are cherished above all else—football and gossip. My life has always been ruled by both.Dallas Cole loathes football. That's what happens when you spend your whole childhood coming in second to a sport. College is her time to step out of the bleachers, and put the playing field (and the players) in her past.But life doesn't always go as planned. As if going to the same college as her football star ex wasn t bad enough, her father, a Texas high school coaching phenom, has decided to make the jump to college ball… as the new head coach at Rusk University. Dallas finds herself in the shadows of her father and football all over again.Carson McClain is determined to go from second-string quarterback to the starting line-up. He needs the scholarship and the future that football provides. But when a beautiful redhead literally falls into his life, his focus is more than tested. It's obliterated.Dallas doesn't know Carson is on the team. Carson doesn't know that Dallas is his new coach's daughter.And neither of them know how to walk away from the attraction they feel.
      Into Thin Air: A Personal Account of the Mount Everest Disaster
A bank of clouds was assembling on the not-so-distant horizon, but journalist-mountaineer Jon Krakauer, standing on the summit of Mt. Everest, saw nothing that suggested that a murderous storm was bearing down. He was wrong. The storm, which claimed five lives and left countless more--including Krakauer's--in guilt-ridden disarray, would also provide the impetus for Into Thin Air, Krakauer's epic account of the May 1996 disaster.
      It's Not about the Bike: My Journey Back to Life
It is such an all-American story. A lanky kid from Plano, Texas, is raised by a feisty, single parent who sacrifices for her son, who becomes one of our country's greatest athletes. Given that background, it is understandable why Armstrong was able to channel his boundless energy toward athletic endeavors. By his senior year in high school, he was already a professional triathlete and was training with the U.S. Olympic cycling developmental team. In 1993, Armstrong secured a position in the ranks of world-class cyclists by winning the World Championship and a Tour de France stage, but in 1996, he was diagnosed with testicular cancer. Armstrong entered an unknown battlefield and challenged it as if climbing through the Alps: aggressive yet tactical. He beat the cancer and proceeded to stun all the pundits by winning the 1999 Tour de France. In this memoir, Armstrong covers his early years swiftly with a blunt matter-of-factness, but the main focus is on his battle with cancer. Readers will respond to the inspirational recovery story, and they will appreciate the behind-the-scenes cycling information. After he won the Tour, his mother was quoted as saying that her son's whole life has been a fight against the odds; we see here that she was not exaggerating. Brenda Barrera
      The Natural
The classical novel (and basis for the acclaimed film) now in a new editionIntroduction by Kevin BakerThe Natural, Bernard Malamud's first novel, published in 1952, is also the first—and some would say still the best—novel ever written about baseball. In it Malamud, usually appreciated for his unerring portrayals of postwar Jewish life, took on very different material—the story of a superbly gifted natural at play in the fields of the old daylight baseball era—and invested it with the hardscrabble poetry, at once grand and altogether believable, that runs through all his best work. Four decades later, Alfred Kazin's comment still holds true: Malamud has done something which—now that he has done it!—looks as if we have been waiting for it all our lives. He has really raised the whole passion and craziness and fanaticism of baseball as a popular spectacle to its ordained place in mythology.
      Illegal Contact
The rules of the game don t apply off the field in this first Barons novel. New York Barons tight end Gavin Brawley is suspended from the team and on house arrest after a video of him brawling goes viral. Gavin already has a reputation as a jerk with a temper on and off the field—which doesn t help him once he finds himself on the wrong side of the law. And while he's een successful professionally, he's ever been lucky when it comes to love.Noah Monroe is a recent college grad looking for a job—any job—to pay off his mounting student debt. Working as Gavin's ersonal assistant/babysitter seems like easy money. But Noah isn t prepared for the electrifying tension between him and the football player. He's ot sure if he d rather argue with Gavin or tackle him to the floor. But both men know the score, and neither is sure what will happen once Gavin's timeout is over…
      Caught Running
Ten years after graduation, Jake the jock Campbell and Brandon the nerd Bartlett are teaching at their old high school and still living in separate worlds. When Brandon is thrown into a coaching job on Jake's baseball team, they find themselves learning more about each other than they'd ever expected.High school is all about image, even for the teachers. Brandon and Jake have to get past their preconceived notions to find the friendship needed to work together. And somewhere along the way, they discover that perceptions can always change for the better. Read a full chapter excerpt at www.dreamspinnerpress.com
      This Heart of Mine
This Heart of Mine.. Molly Somerville knows she has a reputation for trouble. She did give away her fifteen-million-dollar inheritance, but, hey, nobody's perfect. Still, if anyone has an almost perfect life, it's Molly. While her Daphne the Bunny children's books could be selling better, she loves her cramped loft, her French poodle, and her career creating the fictional animals who live in Nightingale Woods. She even loves her sister, Phoebe. True, it was a little tough growing up in her shadow. Phoebe is beautiful, blissfully married, and the owner of the most successful professional football team in America. But who other than your sister knows you're about to do something drastic every time you change your hair? Yes, Molly's happy about almost everything ... except her long-term crush on the daredevil quarterback for the Chicago Stars, that awful, gorgeous Kevin Tucker, a man who can't even remember her name!One night Molly's penchant for running into trouble runs right into Kevin himself, turning her world upside down. Heartbreak follows, and just when she's certain things can't get worse, Kevin forces his way back into her life. If only the overpaid, Ferrari-driving, poodle-hating jock was as shallow as she wants him to be, she could get on with her almost perfect life. But Kevin's hidden depths and iron will propel Molly out of her comfortable existence into an unforgettable summer at a place called Wind Lake. Surrounded by paintbox cottages and a charming old bed-and-breakfast, she and Kevin battle their attraction while trying to cope with an aging sexpot actress, a cranky world-famous artist, and a pair of teenage newlyweds.Their careers and lives are in crisis ... yet they can't seem to stay away from each other. Before the summer is over, will they be able to learn one of life's most important lessons? Sometimes falling in love hurts, sometimes it makes you mad as hell, and sometimes if you're very lucky it can heal in the most special and unexpected way.
      Natural Born Charmer
Chicago Stars quarterback Dean Robillard is the luckiest man in the world: a bona-fide sports superstar and the pride of the Nfl with a profitable side career as a buff billboard model for End Zone underwear. But life in the glory lane has started to pale, and Dean has set off on a cross-country trip to figure out what's gone wrong. When he hits a lonely stretch of Colorado highway, he spies something that will shake up his gilded life in ways he can't imagine. A young woman . . . dressed in a beaver suit.Blue Bailey is on a mission to murder her ex. Or at least inflict serious damage. As for the beaver suit she's wearing . . . Is it her fault that life keeps throwing her curveballs? Witness the expensive black sports car pulling up next to her on the highway and the Greek god stepping out of it.Blue's career as a portrait painter is the perfect job for someone who refuses to stay in one place for very long. She needs a ride, and America's most famous football player has an imposing set of wheels. Now, all she has to do is keep him entertained, off guard, and fully clothed before he figures out exactly how desperate she is.But Dean isn't the brainless jock she imagines, and Blue—despite her petite stature—is just about the toughest woman Dean has ever met. They're soon heading for his summer home where their already complicated lives and inconvenient attraction to each other will become entangled with a charismatic but aging rock star; a beautiful fifty-two-year-old woman trying to make peace with her rock and roll past; an eleven-year-old who desperately needs a family; and a bitter old woman who hates them all.As the summer progresses, the wandering portrait artist and the charming football star play a high-stakes game, fighting themselves and each other for a chance to have it all.Natural Born Charmer is for everyone who's ever thought about leaving their old life in the dust and never looking back. New York Times bestselling author Susan Elizabeth Phillips takes us home again . . . and shows us where love truly lives
      Match Me If You Can
You met quarterback Kevin Tucker in This Heart of Mine. Now get ready to meet his shark of an agent, Heath Champion, and Annabelle Granger, the girl least likely to succeed.Annabelle's endured dead-end jobs, a broken engagement . . . even her hair's a mess! But that's going to change now that she's taken over her late grandmother's matchmaking business. All Annabelle has to do is land the Windy City's hottest bachelor as her client, and she'll be the most sought-after matchmaker in town.Why does the wealthy, driven, and gorgeous sports agent Heath Champion need a matchmaker, especially a red-haired screw-up like Annabelle Granger? True, she's entertaining, and she does have a certain quirky appeal. But Heath is searching for the ultimate symbol of success -- the perfect wife. And to make an extraordinary match, he needs an extraordinary matchmaker, right?Soon everyone in Chicago has a stake in the outcome, and a very big question: When the determined matchmaker promised she'd do anything to keep her star client happy . . . did she mean anything? If Annabelle isn't careful, she just might find herself going heart-to-heart with the toughest negotiator in town.
      Inverting the Pyramid: The History of Football Tactics
Soccer fans love to argue about the tactics a manager puts into play, and this fascinating study traces the world history of tactics, from modern pioneers right back to the beginning, where chaos reigned. Along the way, author Jonathan Wilson, an erudite and detailed writer who never loses a sense of the grand narrative sweep, takes a look at the lives of the great players and thinkers who shaped the game, and discovers why the English in particular have proved themselves so unwilling to grapple with the abstract.  This is a modern classic of soccer writing that followers of the game will dip into again and again.
      Three Nights in August: Strategy, Heartbreak, and Joy Inside the Mind of a Manager
Three Nights in August captures the strategic and emotional complexities of baseball's quintessential form, the three-game series. As the St. Louis Cardinals battle their archrival Chicago Cubs, we watch from the dugout through the eyes of legendary manager Tony La Russa, considered by many to be the shrewdest mind in the game today. In his twenty-seven years of managing, La Russa has been named Manager of the Year a record-making five times and now stands as the third-winningest baseball manager of all time. A great leader, he's built his success on the conviction that ball games are won not only by the numbers but also by the hearts and minds of those who play.Drawing on unprecedented access to a major league manager and his team, Buzz Bissinger brings a revelatory intimacy to baseball and offers some surprising observations. Bissinger also furthers the debate on major league managerial style and strategy in his provocative new afterword.
      Now I Can Die in Peace: How ESPN's Sports Guy Found Salvation, with a Little Help from Nomar, Pedro, Shawshank and the 2004
The New York Times bestseller Now I Can Die in Peace is now available in paperback with a new afterword (and more footnotes) by the author The Red Sox won the World Series. To Citizen No. 1 of Red Sox Nation, those seven words meant No more ‘1918  chants. No more smug glances from Yankee fans. No more worrying about living an entire life -- that's ighty years, followed by death -- without seeing the Red Sox win a Series. But once he was able -- finally -- to type those life-changing words, Bill Simmons decided to look back at his Sports Guy columns for the last five years to find out how the miracle came to pass. And that's here the trouble began. The result is Now I Can Die in Peace, a hilarious and fresh new look at some of the best sportswriting in America, with sharp, critical commentary (and fresh insights) from the guy who wrote it in the first place.
      Until Friday Night
To everyone who knows him, West Ashby has always been that guy: the cocky, popular, way-too-handsome-for-his-own-good football god who led Lawton High to the state championships. But while West may be Big Man on Campus on the outside, on the inside he's attling the grief that comes with watching his father slowly die of cancer.Two years ago, Maggie Carleton's ife fell apart when her father murdered her mother. And after she told the police what happened, she stopped speaking and hasn t spoken since. Even the move to Lawton, Alabama, couldn t draw Maggie back out. So she stayed quiet, keeping her sorrow and her fractured heart hidden away.As West's ain becomes too much to handle, he knows he needs to talk to someone about his father—so in the dark shadows of a post-game party, he opens up to the one girl who he knows won t tell anyone else.West expected that talking about his dad would bring some relief, or at least a flood of emotions he couldn t control. But he never expected the quiet new girl to reply, to reveal a pain even deeper than his own—or for them to form a connection so strong that he couldn t ever let her go…
      The Player
I'm naturally gifted on the field and between the sheets. With flashy cars and enough media attention to put the Royal Family to shame, I m the definition of Most Eligible Bachelor.  I've never met a man who doesn't want to be me or a woman who doesn't want to tame me. Until I meet Camila.  From the moment I lay eyes on her, I know I have to have her. She wants to keep me at arm's length.I want her naked in my bed. She thinks our worlds are too different.All I want her to think about is screaming my name. She says I m bad news. I have three weeks to prove her wrong.
      Settling the Score
From the USA TODAY Bestselling author of Scoring Wilder, comes a sexy new standalone novel.As an Olympic rookie, Andie Foster has spent far more time in her cleats than between the sheets. For 21 years, her Friday nights have consisted of blocking shots rather than taking them. But now that she's landed in Rio, she's ready to see for herself if the rumors about the Olympic Village are true: The athletes are all sex-crazed maniacs...  The committee passes out condoms like candy...  The games continue long after the medals have been handed out... As Andie walks the line between rumor and reality, she's forced into the path of Frederick Archibald, a decorated Olympic swimmer and owner of a sexy British accent--too bad he's unavailable in a way that it's complicated doesn't even begin to explain.In other words: off limits.It doesn't matter that he has abs that could bring peace to the Middle East and a smile that makes even the Queen blush; Andie fully intends on keeping her focus on the soccer field. But the Village is small. Suffocating. Everywhere Andie goes, Freddie happens to be there--shirtless, wet from the pool, and determined to show her a whole new meaning of the phrase international affairs.Due to strong language and sexual content, this book is not intended for readers under the age of 18.
      Bleachers
High school All-American Neely Crenshaw was probably the best quarterback ever to play for the legendary Messina Spartans. Fifteen years have gone by since those glory days, and Neely has come home to Messina to bury Coach Eddie Rake, the man who molded the Spartans into an unbeatable football dynasty.As Coach Rake's 'boys' sit in the bleachers waiting for the dimming field lights to signal his passing, they replay the old glories, and try to decide once and for all whether they love Eddie Rake – or hate him. For Neely Crenshaw, still struggling to come to terms with his explosive relationship with the Coach, his dreams of a great career in the Nfl, and the choices he made as a young man, the stakes could not be higher.
      Playing for Pizza
Rick Dockery was the third-string quarterback for the Cleveland Browns. In the AFC Championship game against Denver, to the surprise and dismay of virtually everyone, Rick actually got into the game. With a 17-point lead and just minutes to go, Rick provided what was arguably the worst single performance in the history of the Nfl. Overnight, he became a national laughingstock and, of course, was immediately cut by the Browns and shunned by all other teams.But all Rick knows is football, and he insists that his agent, Arnie, find a team that needs him. Against enormous odds Arnie finally locates just such a team and informs Rick that, miraculously, he can in fact now be a starting quarterback–for the mighty Panthers of Parma, Italy.Yes, Italians do play American football, to one degree or another, and the Parma Panthers desperately want a former Nfl player–any former Nfl player–at their helm. So Rick reluctantly agrees to play for the Panthers–at least until a better offer comes along–and heads off to Italy. He knows nothing about Parma, has never been to Europe, and doesn t speak or understand a word of Italian. To say that Italy holds a few surprises for Rick Dockery would be something of an understatement.
      Boarded by Love
Jude Sinclair here, hockey player for the Bellevue Bullies and lover of all ladies. Hockey's n my blood, and not to sound full of myself, but I m good at it... really good. The draft is within my reach — it's ine to take — but that's ot the only reason people know my name. They know me because of my way with women. They know the score, and I aim to please. I just tend to stay away from repeat performances. In other words, I don t do relationships beyond my family and friends. I m happy with life. However, I should warn you that my story and how I see it playing out is about to change due to a certain redhead on campus.She's eautiful. Stunning. Breathtaking.She's y game changer.***He's rouble from the moment I see him. I don t know what I m thinking, but from the moment I meet his gaze, I m his. It's  scary feeling.I ve never trusted anyone outside my aunt and uncle — and even that took months. I didn t have it easy growing up. My mom was usually strung out, and she didn t give me a second thought. Drugs and the men who paid her were more important to her. It was horrible, but I m stronger today. Because of my past, security is what I need most. Money assures me that I can take care of myself today, tomorrow, and next month. I don t want to ever be hungry or go without again, so I work hard for every penny.Oh, by the way, I m Claire Anderson. I m a hard-studying sophomore at the University of Bellevue, dancer for the school dance team, and a burlesque dancer at a club, but that's y secret.You may think you know how our story ends, but you have no clue. It's ot easy falling in love… or living happily ever after. At first it may seem so, but when is anything worth having ever won without a fight?Especially when you re boarded by love.
      Roller Girl
For fans of Raina Telgemeier's mile, a heartwarming graphic novel about friendship and surviving junior high through the power of roller derby. Twelve-year-old Astrid has always done everything with her best friend Nicole. So when Astrid signs up for roller derby camp, she assumes Nicole will too. But Nicole signs up for dance camp with a new friend instead, and so begins the toughest summer of Astrid's life. There are bumps and bruises as Astrid learns who she is without Nicole...and what it takes to be a strong, tough roller girl.
      The Year We Hid Away
She's iding something big. He's iding someone small.  Bridger Macaulley used to be a player both on and off the ice. But now, while his teammates chase the next hockey victory, Bridger worries that the dean will discover he's ousing his eight-year-old sister in his dorm room. Juggling a full course load and a big secret, it's nly a matter of time until the other skate drops.  Scarlet Crowley is the only freshman at Harkness College who had to sneak past TV news trucks parked on her front lawn just to leave town. Her name is as new as the shiny student ID it's rinted on. The only way to survive college will be to conceal her identity, even if it means lying to the green-eyed boy she's falling for.  Bridger and Scarlet form a tentative relationship based on the understanding that some things must always be held back. But when grim developments threaten them both, going it alone just won't work anymore. And if they can't learn to trust one another now, the families who let them down will take everything they've struggled to keep.
      The Cad and the Co-Ed
Keeping a secret this big is going to take lots of balls. Specifically, rugby balls.  THE CAD Bryan Leech is a cad. Or, he *was* a cad. No one is quite certain.  Once the quintessential playboy, Bryan claims he's one with wild parties and weekend benders. No more one night stands leading to mornings he can t remember; no more binges and blackouts; no more exploits plastered all over the tabloids and rag sheets. According to Bryan, he's leaning up his act.  The only problem is, no one believes him.  THE CO-ED Eilish Cassidy never thought she d be a mother at nineteen or still in college at twenty-four. Cut off from every member of her family except her favorite cousin, she's inally managed to put her life back together. Stronger and wiser, Eilish enters her last semester of university determined to stand on her own. Now she just needs to find an internship.  The only problem is, her best option—by far—places her directly in the path of her son's ather, and he doesn t remember her at all.  THE PLAN Bryan is determined to prove he's hanged. Eager to settle down with the right woman, he's ot his sights set on the gorgeous redhead who seems terribly familiar.  Eilish is determined to hide her secret. She ll do anything to keep her child safe, even if that means ignoring her own wishes and desires.  But what happens when Bryan starts to remember? And what will it take for Bryan to convince the girl he forgot that she's nforgettable?
      Pucked Off
I m NHL defenseman Lance Romero, AKA Lance Romance.I m notorious for parties and excess. I have the most penalty minutes in the league. I get into the most fights. I take the most hits. I m a player on and off the ice. I m the one women with no inhibitions want.Not because I like the notoriety, but because I don t know how to be any other way.I have secrets. Ones I shared with the wrong person, and she used them against me. Sometimes she still does. I should cut ties. But she makes it difficult, because she's he kind of bad I deserve.At least that's hat I believed until someone from my past gets caught up in my present. She's ll the good things in this world. She lights up my dark.I shouldn t want her.But I do. I should leave her alone.But I won t.***A Standalone novel in the Pucked series.***
      Empty Net
Audrey Parker is up against the boards. She's tuck in a job she hates and pining for a total jerk. Meanwhile, her sister Fallon is moving out and getting married to hockey star Lucas Brooks. Where is Audrey's rince Charming? Nothing she does has ever seemed to be good enough for any of the men in her life. Audrey's bout to hit rock bottom . . . until she wakes up next to Tate Odder.The thrill of moving up from the minors to the Nashville Assassins was a welcome distraction. But not even becoming the first rookie goalie to tally three shutouts in the Stanley Cup Finals alleviates the pain. With the loss of his parents and sister weighing as heavily on his soul as ever, Tate Odder can t keep pretending he's kay. That's hen he meets smart, sexy Audrey. Her gentle warmth and quirky sense of humor make him feel whole for the first time in too long. But to stay that way forever, Tate must find a way to accept his past and learn to live for love.
      Melting the Ice
Body CheckEverything's oming together for budding fashion designer Carolina Preston. Only months away from having her own line, she could use some publicity. That's hen her brother suggests his best friend as a model - hockey player Drew Hogan.Carolina and Drew already have a history - a hot one, back in college. Unforgettable for Carolina, but for Drew, just another slap shot. This time, though, it's ifferent. His perfect body would be for professional use only. This time, she could use him.Drew is all for it. He's ooking forward to the exposure. Plus, it would give him a chance to prove to Carolina that he's hanged. If only he could thaw her emotions, convince her to let down her guard and let him in just one more time...
      Hawke
The Carolina Cold Fury hockey team proves that love is a power play. As Sawyer Bennett's ew York Times bestselling series continues, the league's ost notorious party animal gets blindsided by the one that got away. Off the ice, elite defenseman Hawke Therrien enjoys his fair share of booze and good times. And why shouldn t he? He's orked his way up from the minor leagues and made himself a star. The only thing Hawke misses from that life is the pierced, tattooed free spirit who broke his heart without so much as an explanation. She's lmost unrecognizable when she walks back into his life seven years later—except for the look in her eyes that feels like a punch to the gut. Vale Campbell isn t the same girl she was at twenty. As crazy as she was about Hawke, her reckless behavior and out-of-control drinking were starting to scare her. She had to clean up her act, and that would never happen with Hawke around. Cutting him loose was the hardest thing Vale ever had to do—until now. Because she's till crazy about Hawke. And if he could ever learn to forgive her, they just might have a future together.
      Double Full
Up and coming football hero, Colt Michaels, makes a Hail Mary pass one night in the college locker room that results in the hottest, sexiest five days of his young life. However, interference after the play has him hiding his past and burying his future in the bottom of a bottle. While Colt seems to have it all, looks can be deceiving especially when you're trapped so far in a closet that you can't see your way out. When ten years of living his expected fast-lane lifestyle lands him engaged to his manipulative Russian supermodel girlfriend, he decides it's time to call a new play. Jace Montgomery single-handedly built the largest all-star cheerleading gym in the world, driven by a need to forget a life-altering encounter with a handsome quarterback a decade ago. His reputation as an excellent coach, hard-nosed business man, and savvy entrepreneur earned him respect in the sometimes catty world of competitive cheerleading. When Jace learns of his ex-lover's plans to marry, his heart executes a barrel roll and his carefully placed resolve tumbles down without a mat to absorb the shock. Can his island escape help him to finally let go of the past and move his life forward?
      One Sweet Ride
Gray Preston was born into money, but he's uilt his racing empire on hard work and muscle. And now that Gray has millions of fans, his senator father sends one of his aides, Evelyn Hill, to elicit Gray's elp in garnering votes for the upcoming national election. Gray wants nothing to do with his estranged father's ampaign, but Evelyn can be pretty persuasive. She's illing to learn about racing, and maybe even get a little dirty.Evelyn's umber-one goal is politics, which makes working with Gray difficult, because his only passion is fast cars. As she and Gray spend time together, he teaches her about the sport he loves, and she learns a lot about the man behind the wheel. The more she learns, the more she wants him. But any desire that threatens to derail the carefully laid plans for her future is a dangerous one.With the passion Gray and Evelyn share running hotter than either imagined, one of them is going to have to compromise, or else run the risk of losing more than their hearts. 
      Us Against You
After everything that the citizens of Beartown have gone through, they are struck yet another blow when they hear that their beloved local hockey team will soon be disbanded. What makes it worse is the obvious satisfaction that all the former Beartown players, who now play for a rival team in Hed, take in that fact. Amidst the mounting tension between the two rivals, a surprising newcomer is handpicked to be Beartown's ew hockey coach.Soon a new team starts to take shape around Amat, the fastest player you ll ever see; Benji, the intense lone wolf; and Vidar, a born-to-be-bad troublemaker. But bringing this team together proves to be a challenge as old bonds are broken, new ones are formed, and the enmity with Hed grows more and more acute.As the big match approaches, the not-so-innocent pranks and incidents between the communities pile up and their mutual contempt grows deeper. By the time the last game is finally played, a resident of Beartown will be dead, and the people of both towns will be forced to wonder if, after all they ve been through, the game they love can ever return to something simple and innocent.
      Pipe Dreams
A goalie has to trust his instincts, even when taking a shot to the heart…Mike Beacon is a champion at defending the net, but off the ice, he's ot so lucky. A widower and a single father, he's ever forgotten Lauren Williams, the ex who gave him the best year of his life. When Lauren reappears in the Bruisers office during the playoffs, Beacon sees his chance to make things right.Lauren hates that she's orced to travel with the team she used to work for and the man who broke her heart. There's till undeniable sexual tension running between her and Mike, but she won t go down that road again. She's ocused on her plans for the future—she doesn t need a man to make her dreams of motherhood come true.Lauren plays her best defensive game, but she's o match for the dark-eyed goalie. When the field of play moves to florida, things heat up on the beach.One of Mike's iggest fans doesn t approve—his teenage daughter. But a true competitor knows not to waste the perfect shot at love.
      Mine
He's mine, and I'm his. Our love is all-consuming, powerful,imperfect, and real...In the international bestseller REAL, the unstoppable bad boy of the Underground fighting circuit finally met his match. Hired to keep him in prime condition, Brooke Dumas unleashed a primal desire in Remington Riptide Tate as vital as the air he breathes... and now he can't live without her.Brooke never imagined she would end up with the man who is every woman's dream, but not all dreams end happily ever after, and just when they need each other the most, she is torn away from his side. Now with distance and darkness between them, the only thing left is to fight for the love of the man she calls MINE.
      The Yankee Years
Twelve straight playoff appearances. Six American League pennants. Four World Series titles. This is the definitive story of a dynasty: the Yankee yearsWhen Joe Torre took over as manager of the New York Yankees in 1996, the most storied franchise in sports had not won a World Series title in eighteen years. The famously tough and mercurial owner, George Steinbrenner, had fired seventeen managers during that span. Torre's appointment was greeted with Bronx cheers from the notoriously brutal New York media, who cited his record as the player and manager who had been in the most Major League games without appearing in a World SeriesTwelve tumultuous and triumphant years later, Torre left the team as the most beloved and successful manager in the game. In an era of multimillionaire free agents, fractured clubhouses, revenue-sharing, and off-the-field scandals, Torre forged a team ethos that united his players and made the Yankees, once again, the greatest team in sports. He won over the media with his honesty and class, and was beloved by the fans.But it wasn't easy.Here, for the first time, Joe Torre and Tom Verducci take us inside the dugout, the clubhouse, and the front office in a revelatory narrative that shows what it really took to keep the Yankees on top of the baseball world. The high-priced ace who broke down in tears and refused to go back to the mound in the middle of a game. Constant meddling from Yankee executives, many of whom were jealous of Torre's popularity. The tension that developed between the old guard and the free agents brought in by management. The impact of revenue-sharing and new scouting techniques, which allowed other teams to challenge the Yankees' dominance. The players who couldn't resist the after-hours temptations of the Big Apple. The joys of managing Derek Jeter and Mariano Rivera, and the challenges of managing Alex Rodriguez and Jason Giambi. Torre's last year, when constant ultimatums from the front office, devastating injuries, and a freak cloud of bugs on a warm September night in Cleveland forced him from a job he loved.Through it all, Torre kept his calm, kept his players' respect, and kept winning.And, of course, The Yankee Years chronicles the amazing stories on the diamond. The stirring comeback in the 1996 World Series against the heavily favored Braves. The wonder of 1998, when Torre led the Yanks to the most wins in Major League history. The draining and emotional drama of the 2001 World Series. The incredible twists and turns of the epic Game 7 of the 2003 American League Championship Series against the Red Sox, in which two teams who truly despised each other battled pitch by pitch until the stunning extra-inning home run.Here is a sweeping narrative of Major League Baseball in the Yankee era, a book both grand in its scope and fascinating in its details.
      Eleven Rings: The Soul of Success
During his storied career as head coach of the Chicago Bulls and Los Angeles Lakers, Phil Jackson won more championships than any coach in the history of professional sports. Even more important, he succeeded in never wavering from coaching his way, from a place of deep values. Jackson was tagged as the Zen master  half in jest by sportswriters, but the nickname speaks to an important truth: this is a coach who inspired, not goaded; who led by awakening and challenging the better angels of his players  nature, not their egos, fear, or greed.This is the story of a preacher's id from North Dakota who grew up to be one of the most innovative leaders of our time. In his quest to reinvent himself, Jackson explored everything from humanistic psychology and Native American philosophy to Zen meditation. In the process, he developed a new approach to leadership based on freedom, authenticity, and selfless teamwork that turned the hypercompetitive world of professional sports on its head. In Eleven Rings, Jackson candidly describes how he:Learned the secrets of mindfulness and team chemistry while playing for the champion New York Knicks in the 1970sManaged Michael Jordan, the greatest player in the world, and got him to embrace selflessness, even if it meant losing a scoring titleForged successful teams out of players of varying abilities by getting them to trust one another and perform in syncInspired Dennis Rodman and other uncoachable  personalities to devote themselves to something larger than themselvesTransformed Kobe Bryant from a rebellious teenager into a mature leader of a championship team.Eleven times, Jackson led his teams to the ultimate goal: the NBA championship—six times with the Chicago Bulls and five times with the Los Angeles Lakers. We all know the legendary stars on those teams, or think we do. What Eleven Rings shows us, however, is that when it comes to the most important lessons, we don t know very much at all. This book is full of revelations: about fascinating personalities and their drive to win; about the wellsprings of motivation and competition at the highest levels; and about what it takes to bring out the best in ourselves and others.
      Revved
Race car mechanic Andressa Andi Amaro has one rule—no dating drivers. With a good reason behind the rule, she has no plans on breaking it.Carrick Ryan is the bad boy of Formula One. With a face and body that melts panties on sight, and an Irish lilt that leaves women on their knees, begging for more. He races hard and parties harder. The youngest driver to ever sign with F1, he's till at the top of his game five years later, breaking hearts on and off the tracks.When Andi is offered her dream job working in the glamorous world of F1, she leaves her home in Brazil, positive she can handle working for Carrick. But she's ot prepared for the off-the-chart sparks that fly the moment they meet.Now, Andi has a crush on the one man she can t have, and her resolve is about to be put to the test, because Carrick has decided he wants Andi, and he plans on testing her to the very limit…
      Max
The ice is a cold mistress. As the league's ost eligible goalie, Max Fournier has access to his fair share of willing puck bunnies, but right now he's ore interested in bringing home another championship than a one-night stand. A romantic at heart, Max believes in love; he's ust not great at relationships. So when he finally meets a nice girl who's ot blinded by his celebrity, he's eeling the heat—and the pressure to save her from herself. Between working two jobs and raising her sister's ids, Julianne Bradley doesn t have time for sports—or men. All she knows about Max is that he's he sexiest customer to ever grace her gas-station counter. And he sees past her tired eyes and makes Jules yearn for things she can t have: a glamorous fling, a passionate lover, and the time to enjoy both. Max makes her feel like Cinderella, even though Jules has enough baggage to crush a glass slipper. Luckily, he's o prince—only a fierce competitor determined to win her heart.
      Play with Me
Will Montgomery is a successful professional football player and seemingly has it all. He's ot used to being told no, and certainly doesn t take no for an answer. So when he turns his charms on his sister's exy rocker-chick friend Meg, he's ot only turned down, but met with open hostility, piquing his curiosity and libido. He's etermined to show her that he's ot the arrogant jock she thinks he is, and to get her into his bed.Megan McBride is not impressed with Will Montgomery, his fat contract, fancy car, or his arrogant public persona. She doesn t have time for a relationship, and if she's earned anything in life, it's hat loving means losing, so she guards her heart ferociously. But she can t deny the overwhelming attraction to the sexy, tattooed athlete, and when Will starts breaking down her defenses and grabs hold of her heart, will she be able to admit her feelings for him, or will her troubled past cause her to lose the first man she's ver truly loved?
      Driven
Alternate cover edition for 9780989450218From New York Times Bestselling author K. Bromberg comes the first book in an unforgettable series about lust, love, redemption, and healing . . .Colton Donavan lives on that razor thin edge toward out of control. Whether it's n the track or off of it, everything he wants is at his fingertips: success, willing women, media attention.Everything that is, but me. I m the exception this reckless bad boy can t seem to win over. My heart is healing. His soul is damaged. We both know the two of us could never work. But he crashes into my life without apology—disrupting my world, testing my boundaries, and uncovering the darkness of my past. Our chemistry is undeniable. Our attraction is magnetic. Our ability to help each other heal obvious. And even though he won t let me in, there's omething about Colton I can t walk away from. This is the beginning of our story.Our fight.Our perfectly imperfect love.
      Fake Fiancée
Fake engaged to the hottest quarterback in the country? SCORE. They say nothing compares to your first kiss,But our first kiss was orchestrated for an audience.Our second kiss . . . that one was REAL.He cradled my face like he was terrified he'd f*ck it up.He stared into my eyes until the air buzzed.Soft and slow, full of sighs and little laughs,He inhaled me like I was the finest Belgian chocolate,And he'd never get another piece.A nip of his teeth, his hand at my waist . . .And I was lost.I forgot he was paying me to be his fake fiancée.I forgot we weren't REAL.Our kiss was pure magic, and before you laugh and say those kinds of kisses don't exist,Then you've never touched lips with Max Kent, the hottest quarterback in college history.Three months. Two hearts. One fake engagement.
      The Only Rule Is It Has to Work: Our Wild Experiment Building a New Kind of Baseball Team
What would happen if two statistics-minded outsiders were allowed to run a professional baseball team?It's the ultimate in fantasy baseball: You get to pick the roster, set the lineup, and decide on strategies -- with real players, in a real ballpark, playing in real time. That's what Ben Lindbergh and Sam Miller got to do when the Sonoma Stompers, an independent minor-league team in California, offered them the chance to run the team's baseball operations according to the most advanced statistics. The Only Rule Is It Has to Work is unlike any other baseball tale you've ever read.We tag along as Lindbergh and Miller apply their number-crunching insights to all aspects of assembling and running a team. We meet colorful figures like general manager Theo Fightmaster and boundary-breakers like the first openly gay professional player and the first Japanese manager in American professional baseball. Even José Canseco makes a cameo appearance.Will sabermetrics bring the Stompers a championship, or will they fall on their face? Will the team have a competitive advantage or is the old folk wisdom really true after all? Will the players be able to maximize their talents and attract the attention of big-league scouts, or will this be a fast track to oblivion?It's a wild ride, as the authors' infectious enthusiasm and feel for the absurd make the Stompers' story one that will speak to numbers geeks and traditionalists alike. And it proves that you don't need a bat or a glove to make a genuine contribution to the game.
      Room for You
Kacie Jensen has one main priority in her life: raising her twin daughters, Lucy and Piper. Ever since her ex—the girls  father—vanished four years ago, Kacie's worn to keep her head in her studies and her heart out of trouble. Moving back home to her mother's ed-and-breakfast had seemed like the best way to start over.But when hockey star Brody Murphy washes up on the front steps of the Cranberry Inn during a raging storm, he awakens a hunger in Kacie that she's ong forgotten…and he opens her eyes to a life she never thought was possible. With so much more to lose this time around, can Kacie trust her heart to make the right decision?***Room for You is the sweet, tantalizing first novel in bestselling author Beth Ehemann's eartwarming Cranberry Inn series.
      The Last Boy: Mickey Mantle and the End of America's Childhood
Award-winning sports writer Jane Leavy follows her New York Times runaway bestseller Sandy Koufax with the definitive biography of baseball icon Mickey Mantle. The legendary Hall-of-Fame outfielder was a national hero during his record-setting career with the New York Yankees, but public revelations of alcoholism, infidelity, and family strife badly tarnished the ballplayer's reputation in his latter years. In The Last Boy, Leavy plumbs the depths of the complex athlete, using copious first-hand research as well as her own memories, to show why The Mick remains the most beloved and misunderstood Yankee slugger of all time.
      October 1964
THE NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER * THE BEST SPORTS BOOK OF THE YEAROctober 1964 should be a hit with old-time baseball fans, who'll relish the opportunity to relive that year's to-die-for World Series, when the dynastic but aging New York Yankees squared off against the upstart St. Louis Cardinals. It should be a hit with younger students of the game, who'll eat up the vivid portrayals of legends like Mickey Mantle and Roger Maris of the Yankees and Bob Gibson and Lou Brock of the Cardinals. Most of all, however, David Halberstam's new book should be a hit with anyone interested in understanding the important interplay between sports and society.--The Boston GlobeCompelling...1964 is a chronicle of the end of a great dynasty and of a game, like the country, on the cusp of enormous change.--NewsweekHalberstam's latest gives us the feeling of actually being there--in another time, in the locker rooms and in the minds of baseball legends. His time and effort researching the book result in a fluency with his topic and a fluidity of writing that make the reading almost effortless....Absorbing.--San Francisco ChronicleWonderful...Memorable...Halberstam describes the final game of the 1964 series accurately and so dramatically, I almost thought I had forgotten the ending.--The Washington Post Book WorldSuperb reporting...Incisive analysis...You know from the start that Halberstam is going to focus on a large human canvas...One of the many joys of this book is the humanity with which Halberstam explores the characters as well as the talents of the players, coaches and managers. These are not demigods of summer but flawed, believable human beings who on occasion can rise to peaks of heroism.--Chicago Sun-Times
      Fence, Vol. 1
An alternate cover edition can be found here.  Combines Issues #1-4. Nicholas, the illegitimate son of a retired fencing champion, is a scrappy fencing wunderkind, and dreams of getting the chance and the training to actually compete. After getting accepted to the prodigious Kings Row private school, Nicholas is thrust into a cut-throat world, and finds himself facing not only his golden-boy half-brother, but the unbeatable, mysterious Seiji Katayama...Through clashes, rivalries, and romance between teammates, Nicholas and the boys of Kings Row will discover there's uch more to fencing than just foils and lunges. From acclaimed writer C.S. Pacat (The Captive Prince) and fan-favorite artist Johanna the Mad.
      The Locker Room
Xander Karcek has only wanted two things in his life: Christian Edwards and basketball-the man he loves and the game that let him escape a childhood he d rather forget. His two obsessions have served him well. He and Chris beat the odds and stayed together through high school, college, and right on to the NBA.But life under fame's icroscope isn t easy, especially when two men are pretending to be frat-buddies so the world doesn t know they re the next best thing to married. Their relationship survives the sacrifices they make and the lies they tell to stay together, but when their secret is exposed, the fallout might destroy them when nothing else could.Chris and basketball are the two things holding Xander together. Now the world is asking Xander to make a choice. Is there an option that includes a future with the man he loves?
      The Player
Baseball has never been sexier in an all-new novel by New York Times Bestselling Author, K. Bromberg.Easton Wylder is baseball royalty. The game is his life. His passion. His everything. So, when an injury threatens to end Easton's eason early, the team calls in the renowned physical therapist, Doc Dalton, to oversee his recovery. Except it's ot Doc who greets Easton for his first session, but rather his daughter, Scout. She may be feisty, athletic, defiant, and gorgeous, but Easton is left questioning whether she has what it takes to help him. Scout Dalton's ut to prove a female can handle the pressure of running the physical therapy regimen of an MLB club. And that proof comes in the form of getting phenom Easton Wylder back on the field. But getting him healthy means being hands-on. And with a man as irresistible as Easton, being hands-on can only lead to one thing, trouble. Because the more she touches him, the more she wants him, and she can t want him. Not when it's er job to side in the club's est interest if he's eady to play. But when sparks fly and fine lines are crossed, can they withstand the heat or is one of them bound to get burned?
      Game of Shadows: Barry Bonds, BALCO, and the Steroids Scandal that Rocked Professional Sports
Game of Shadows: Barry Bonds, BALCO, and the Steroids Scandal that Rocked Professional Sports
      The Failing Hours
Zeke Daniels isn't just a douchebag; he's an a**hole. A total and complete jerk, Zeke keeps people at a distance. He has no interest in relationships—most a**holes don t. Dating?  Being part of a couple? Nope. Not for him.He's never given any thought to what he wants in a girlfriend, because he's never had any intention of having one. Shit, he barely has a relationship with his family, and they're related; his own friends don t even like him. So why does he keep thinking about Violet DeLuca? Sweet, quiet Violet—his opposite in every sense of the word.The light to his dark, even her damn name sounds like rays of sunshine and happiness and shit.And that pisses him off, too.
      Hands Down
Before he was Big Texas, he was Zac the Snack Pack.Bianca Brannen knows time—mostly—heals all wounds. Including those your once loved ones might have unintentionally given you. (Those just take longer.)She thinks she's eady when a call has her walking back into her old friend's ife. Or at least as prepared as possible to see the starting quarterback in the National Football Organization. Before the lights, the fans, and the millions, he d been a skinny kid with a heart of gold. Waltzing out of Zac Travis's ife should be easy. Just as easy as he walked out of hers.
      Thrown by a Curve
She thinks she knows this player—but he has a few surprise moves.For Alicia Riley, her job as a sports therapist for the St. Louis Rivers baseball team is a home run—until she becomes the primary therapist for star pitcher, Garrett Scott. Out of the lineup with an injury, he's hort-tempered, hard to handle, and every solid inch, a man.Right now, the only demand he's aking on Alicia is that she get him ready to pitch in time for opening day. Except the sexual chemistry between them is so charged, Alicia's empted to oblige Garrett just about anything. But both their careers are at stake—one bad move and it's ame over for both of them.Garrett also feels the hot sparks between them, and the way he figures it, what better therapy is there than sex? Now all he has to do is convince the woman with the power to make the call.
      Hardball
Perfect body. Perfect swing. Perfect swagger.They call Dash Wallace the Diamond King.He's he hottest commodity in baseball and in the bedroom. When he runs the bases, every woman's yes are glued to his stunning body and a smile that puts the night lights to shame. I m no queen. I m a regular girl with a regular job. I just watch him on TV and from the bleachers, season after season. Girls like me grab a guy like that one in a million times.My number just came up, and he is as spectacular in bed as he is on the field.But there's ot a woman in the world who can distract Dash Wallace from the game. Not for a moment. Not even me.Until the night I do. And everything changes.-----Hardball is a SMOKING HOT, SEXY romance with a touch of angst and a ton of heart from CD Reiss. It's a fun, witty, full-length standalone.
      Stealing Parker
Red-hot author Miranda Kenneally hits one out of the park in this return to Catching Jordan's Hundred Oaks High.Parker Shelton pretty much has the perfect life. She's n her way to becoming valedictorian at Hundred Oaks High, she's ade the all-star softball team, and she has plenty of friends. Then her mother's candal rocks their small town and suddenly no one will talk to her.Now Parker wants a new life.So she quits softball. Drops twenty pounds. And she figures why kiss one guy when she can kiss three? Or four. Why limit herself to high school boys when the majorly cute new baseball coach seems especially flirty?But how far is too far before she loses herself completely?
      The Boys of Winter: The Untold Story of a Coach, a Dream, and the 1980 U.S. Olympic Hockey Team
The Story of the Greatest Sports Moment of the Twentieth CenturyOnce upon a time, they taught us to believe. They were the 1980 U.S. Olympic hockey team, a blue-collar bunch led by an unconventional coach, and they engineered what Sports Illustrated called the greatest sports moment of the twentieth century. Their Miracle on Ice  has become a national fairy tale, but the real Cinderella story is even more remarkable. Wayne Coffey casts a fresh eye on this seminal sports event, giving readers an ice-level view of the amateurs who took on a Russian hockey juggernaut at the height of the Cold War. He details the unusual chemistry of the Americans—formulated by their fiercely determined coach, Herb Brooks—and seamlessly weaves portraits of the boys with the fluid action of the game itself. Coffey also traces the paths of the players and coaches since their stunning victory, examining how the Olympic events affected their lives.Told with warmth and an uncanny eye for detail, The Boys of Winter is an intimate, perceptive portrayal of one Friday night in Lake Placid and the enduring power of the extraordinary.Also available as an eBook
      Eat and Run: My Unlikely Journey to Ultramarathon Greatness
For nearly two decades, Scott Jurek has been a dominant force—and darling—in the grueling and growing sport of ultrarunning. Until recently he held the American 24-hour record and he was one of the elite runners profiled in the runaway bestseller Born to Run.In Eat and Run, Jurek opens up about his life and career as a champion athlete with a plant-based diet and inspires runners at every level. From his Midwestern childhood hunting, fishing, and cooking for his meat-and-potatoes family to his slow transition to ultrarunning and veganism, Scott's tory shows the power of an iron will and blows apart the stereotypes of what athletes should eat to fuel optimal performance. Full of stories of competition as well as science and practical advice—including his own recipes—Eat and Run will motivate readers and expand their food horizons.
      Paper Lion: Confessions of a Last-String Quarterback
This paperback edition commemorates the 40th anniversary of the original publication of this sports classic.
      The Perfect Mile: Three Athletes, One Goal, and Less Than Four Minutes to Achieve It
There was a time when running the mile in four minutes was believed to be beyond the limits of human foot speed, and in all of sport it was the elusive holy grail. In 1952, after suffering defeat at the Helsinki Olympics, three world-class runners each set out to break this barrier.Roger Bannister was a young English medical student who epitomized the ideal of the amateur — still driven not just by winning but by the nobility of the pursuit. John Landy was the privileged son of a genteel Australian family, who as a boy preferred butterfly collecting to running but who trained relentlessly in an almost spiritual attempt to shape his body to this singular task. Then there was Wes Santee, the swaggering American, a Kansas farm boy and natural athlete who believed he was just plain better than everybody else.Spanning three continents and defying the odds, their collective quest captivated the world and stole headlines from the Korean War, the atomic race, and such legendary figures as Edmund Hillary, Willie Mays, Native Dancer, and Ben Hogan. In the tradition of Seabiscuit and Chariots of Fire, Neal Bascomb delivers a breathtaking story of unlikely heroes and leaves us with a lasting portrait of the twilight years of the golden age of sport.
      Luckiest Man: The Life and Death of Lou Gehrig
The definitive account of the life and tragic death of baseball legend Lou Gehrig.Lou Gehrig was a baseball legend—the Iron Horse, the stoic New York Yankee who was the greatest first baseman in history, a man whose consecutive-games streak was ended by a horrible disease that now bears his name. But as this definitive new biography makes clear, Gehrig's ife was more complicated—and, perhaps, even more heroic—than anyone really knew. Drawing on new interviews and more than two hundred pages of previously unpublished letters to and from Gehrig, Luckiest Man gives us an intimate portrait of the man who became an American hero: his life as a shy and awkward youth growing up in New York City, his unlikely friendship with Babe Ruth (a friendship that allegedly ended over rumors that Ruth had had an affair with Gehrig's ife), and his stellar career with the Yankees, where his consecutive-games streak stood for more than half a century. What was not previously known, however, is that symptoms of Gehrig's ffliction began appearing in 1938, earlier than is commonly acknowledged. Later, aware that he was dying, Gehrig exhibited a perseverance that was truly inspiring; he lived the last two years of his short life with the same grace and dignity with which he gave his now-famous luckiest man  speech. Meticulously researched and elegantly written, Jonathan Eig's uckiest Man shows us one of the greatest baseball players of all time as we ve never seen him before.
      Blindsided
Miller:When Talon left to play pro ball six years ago, the hole in my chest confused me. I focused my heartache into making my own Nfl dreams come true, and by the time I was drafted, the longing I had for my best friend was buried deep.Now he wants everything to be like it was in college, but we can't have threesomes and be reckless like we once were. The media storm would be enough to break both our careers.That's not my biggest concern though. The torch I had for him burns brighter after so long apart, and there's nothing I can do about it. Marcus Talon is straight.I need to stay away from him.Talon:Years ago, Miller and I made a pact that we'd win a Super Bowl together. When I'm offered a position on his team in Chicago, I don't hesitate. I move across the country to chase a dream that's a decade old.Only, now that I'm here, he's avoiding me every chance he gets. If he was anyone else, I'd cut my losses.But this is Shane Miller--the guy who makes everything better just by existing in my universe. The guy I'd do anything for. The guy who's more to me than a brother, a friend, or even a teammate.I'm not going to let him get away.**Blindsided is a full-length MM novel with a HFN/HEA and no cliffhanger. Unlike the other books in the Fake Boyfriend universe, Blindsided does not contain a fake boyfriend trope.**
      The Glory of Their Times: The Story of the Early Days of Baseball Told by the Men Who Played It
From the Preface:This new enlarged edition of The Glory of Their Times contains the complete text and all the photographs that were in the original book, published in 1966, plus for the first time the first-person stories of four additional major-league players - George Gibson, Babe Herman, Specs Toporcer, and Hall of Famer Hank Greenberg.
      I Bet You
New Standalone Sports RomanceSexy Athlete: I bet you . . . Penelope Graham: Burn in hell, quarterback. The text is random but Penelope figures out exactly who Sexy Athlete  is. And why she shouldn't take his wager. Ryker Voss.Football star.Walks on water and God's gift to women.Just ask him.  His bet? He promises Penelope he ll win her the heart of the guy she's een crushing on. His plan—good old-fashioned jealousy. Once her crush sees her kissing Ryker, he'll realize what he's missing. Sounds legit, right? The only question is . . . why is Ryker being so nice to her?Penelope Graham.Virgin.Lover of sparkly vampires and calculus.His mortal enemy.Penelope knows she shouldn t trust a jock, but what's  girl to do when she needs a date to Homecoming? And Ryker's eeping a secret, another bet, one that will destroy Penelope's eart forever. Will the quarterback score the good girl or will his secrets mean everyone loses this game of love?*Author's Note: This is a standalone sports romance with an HEA. **You do not have to have read I Dare You, although you should if you love jocks and nerdy heroines. :)
      Power Play
A freak accident during the Stanley Cup Playoffs put an end to Max Ashford's ockey career. Despite everything, Max gets back into the game he loves—only this time, behind the bench as an assistant coach of the Spartanburg Spitfires, the worst team in the entire league. But nothing prepares him for the shock when he learns the new head coach is Misha Samarin, the man who caused Max's ccident. After spending years guilt ridden for his part in Max's ccident, Russian native Misha Samarin has no idea what to do when he's onfronted with Max's resence. Max's ptimism plays havoc with Misha's quilibrium—as does the fierce attraction that springs up between them. Not only must they navigate Misha's emorse and a past he's pent a lifetime trying to forget, but also a sleazy GM who is determined to use their history as a marketing hook. But when an unwelcome visitor targets a player, Misha revisits his darkest days, and that might cost him and Max the beginning they ve worked so hard to build.
      Teardrop Shot
I asked for his criteria for bed buddies-that's the PG version.He swore at me and said he didn't do groupies. And just like that, our friendship was off to a great start.Reese Forster was the starting point guard for the Seattle Thunder.Gorgeous. Cocky. Loved by the nation.He's also attending preseason basketball training camp where I used to work.Correction: where I work again, because I was fired from my last job.And dumped.And I might have a tiny bit of baggage, but that's normal. Right?Reese and I shouldn't have become friends. We shouldn't have become roommates.And we really shouldn't have started sleeping together ... (Except we did.)I'm adorably psychotic. He's in the NBA.This is not a disaster waiting to happen, at all.
      The New Bill James Historical Baseball Abstract
When Bill James published his original Historical Baseball Abstract in 1985, he produced an immediate classic, hailed by the Chicago Tribune as the holy book of baseball.  Now, baseball's beloved Sultan of Stats  (The Boston Globe) is back with a fully revised and updated edition for the new millennium.Like the original, The New Bill James Historical Baseball Abstract is really several books in one. The Game provides a century's worth of American baseball history, told one decade at a time, with energetic facts and figures about How, Where, and by Whom the game was played. In The Players, you'll find listings of the top 100 players at each position in the major leagues, along with James's signature stats-based ratings method called Win Shares,  a way of quantifying individual performance and calculating the offensive and defensive contributions of catchers, pitchers, infielders, and outfielders. And there's more: the Reference section covers Win Shares for each season and each player, and even offers a Win Share team comparison. A must-have for baseball fans and historians alike, The New Bill James Historical Baseball Abstract is as essential, entertaining, and enlightening as the sport itself.
      The System: The Glory and Scandal of Big-Time College Football
AN EXPLOSIVE AND REVELATORY PORTRAIT REPORTED FROM DEEP BEHIND THE SCENES OF BIG-TIME NCAA COLLEGE FOOTBALL: THE PASSION, THE THRILLING ACTION—AND THE SHOCKING REALITIES THAT LIE BENEATH THIS COLOSSAL, MULTIBILLION-DOLLAR BUSINESS COLLEGE FOOTBALL has never been more popular—or more chaotic. Millions fill 100,000-seat stadiums every Saturday; tens of millions more watch on television every weekend. The 2013 Discover BCS National Championship game between Notre Dame and Alabama had a viewership of 26.4 million people, second only to the Super Bowl. Billions of dollars from television deals now flow into the game; the average budget for a top-ten team is $80 million; top coaches make more than $3 million a year; the highest paid, more than $5 million.     But behind this glittering success are darker truths: athlete-students  working essentially full-time jobs with no share in the oceans of money; players who often don t graduate and end their careers with broken bodies; janitors  who clean up player misconduct; football hostesses  willing to do whatever it takes to land a top recruit; seven-figure black box recruiting slush funds. And this: Despite the millions of dollars pouring into the game, 90 percent of major athletic departments still lose money. Yet schools remain caught up in an ever-escalating arms race —at the expense of academic scholarships, facilities and faculty.     Celebrated investigative journalists Jeff Benedict and Armen Keteyian were granted unprecedented access during the 2012 season to programs at the highest levels across the country at a time of convulsive change in college football. Through dogged reporting, they explored every nook and cranny of this high-powered machine, and reveal how it operates from the inside out. The result: the system through the eyes of athletic directors and coaches, high-flying boosters and high-profile TV stars, five-star recruits and tireless NCAA investigators and the kids on whom the whole vast enterprise depends.     Both a celebration of the power and pageantry of NCAA football and a groundbreaking, thought-provoking critique of its excesses, The System is the definitive book on the college game.
      Play With Me
What if you had to do the one thing you hated most to get the guy you loved to notice you?Ryan Hunter's arties are legend. And tonight she's oing to be there.Lisa Matthews anticipates the return of her best friend and only love since kindergarten from soccer camp. But when Tony finally shows up, his mind is more focused on another girl. And worse, she's  soccer player. Fighting for the attention Lisa craves, she's ust a hairbreadth away from making a very stupid decision. But when extraordinary times call for extraordinary measures, she's repared to play ball to get her man.The tryouts are hell, the first match ends bloody, and the morning after the selection party she wakes up in the worst place possible—in the arms of the captain of the soccer team. The hottest guy in school… Ryan Hunter.
      Tangerine
Paul Fisher sees the world from behind glasses so thick he looks like a bug-eyed alien. But he's ot so blind that he can t see there are some very unusual things about his family's ew home in Tangerine County, florida. Where else does a sinkhole swallow the local school, fire burn underground for years, and lightning strike at the same time every day?The chaos is compounded by constant harassment from his football–star brother, and adjusting to life in Tangerine isn t easy for Paul—until he joins the soccer team at his middle school. With the help of his new teammates, Paul begins to discover what lies beneath the surface of his strange new hometown. And he also gains the courage to face up to some secrets his family has been keeping from him for far too long. In Tangerine, it seems, anything is possible.
      Roman
New York Times bestselling author Sawyer Bennett steams up the ice all over again as the Carolina Cold Fury hockey team's ottest bad boy gets his first taste of something good. In a league full of troublemakers, Cold Fury defenseman Roman Sýkora stands out—at least when it comes to negative publicity. When he's ot chilling in the penalty box, the sizzling Czech skate demon is racking up tabloid headlines for his scandalous behavior with the ladies. But now Roman's eeling the burn from management to clean up his act, or else. Luckily he's ot an enticing distraction: a fun-loving barista who plays the ukulele and brings out a side of Roman he didn t know he had. Lexi Robertson came to Raleigh, North Carolina, to finally meet her father, Brian Brannon, and her half sister, Gray, both of whom work in the Cold Fury's ront office. That's here she first meets sexy, intimidating Roman—who's eally a big softie at heart. As one relationship takes off, another begins: Brian seems to be clicking with Lexi's oss at the coffee shop. But when the friction between Roman and her new family heats up, Lexi wonders whether she's  pawn in their game. Feeling hurt and foolish, Lexi's eady to quit while she's head. Trouble is, Roman's ot ready to quit on her.
      Forever Pucked
Being engaged to Alex Waters, team captain and the highest paid NHL player in the league, is awesome. How could it not be?In addition to being an amazing hockey player, he's n incurable romantic with an XL heart, and an XXL hockey stick in his pants. And he knows how to use it. Incredibly, orgasmically well. Alex is the whole package and more. Literally. Like his package is insane. Total world record holder material.So it makes complete sense that Violet Hall can t wait to nail him down to the matrimonial mattress and become Mrs. Violet Waters.It's o romantic.Violet is totally stoked to set a date.Eventually. At some point. Likely before the next millennium. Or when Violet stops getting hives every time someone brings up the wedding, and their mothers stop colluding on stadium sized venues. Whichever comes first.
      Any Man of Mine
WHAT HAPPENS IN VEGAS . . . DOESN'T ALWAYS STAY THERE.Autumn Haven's Las Vegas to-do list said to catch a show and play the slots--not wake up married to a sexy jerk like Sam LeClaire. The first moment she saw him eyeing her like a luscious piece of the dessert buffet, her usually responsible self told her run. And she did--right into the wildest fantasy weekend of her life. But Monday morning jolted her back to reality, and before she could say pass the coffee, Sam was gone.Now a successful wedding planner, Autumn hasn't clapped eyes on the heart-breaking hockey superstar for over two years... until she organizes his teammate's Special Day, where Sam makes a BIG play to pick up where he left off! But she has vowed any man of hers plays for keeps. Is Sam the man for her or does she banish him to the sin bin forever?
      Nothing But Trouble
Trouble...Chelsea Ross' acting career has been a total bust. The closest she ever came to stardom was her brilliant performance as Pretty Dead Girl #1. But leaving Hollywood to become the personal assistant to a famous hockey player could be her stupidest career move ever.More Trouble...Injured superstar Mark Bressler's glory days are over. The bad-boy ex-jock could at least be civil to the pint-sized, pink-haired bombshell who the Seattle Chinooks hired to be his P.A. If Chelsea didn't need the money, she'd be running from the world's biggest jerk as fast as her feet could carry her.Big Trouble!Chelsea can deal with Mark's rotten attitude and dark moods. The problem is those biceps and that red-hot bod! And when the bad boy starts to put the moves on her, Chelsea knows it's time she banished him to the penalty box...if only she could resist the kind of trouble he has in mind.
      Michael Jordan: The Life
The definitive biography of a legendary athleteThe Shrug. The Shot. The flu Game. Michael Jordan is responsible for sublime moments so ingrained in sports history that they have their own names. When most people think of him, they think of his beautiful shots with the game on the line, his body totally in sync with the ball -- hitting nothing but net. But for all his greatness, this scion of a complex family from North Carolina's Coastal Plain has a darker side: he's a ruthless competitor and a lover of high stakes. There's never been a biography that encompassed the dual nature of his character and looked so deeply at Jordan on and off the court -- until now.Basketball journalist Roland Lazenby spent almost thirty years covering Michael Jordan's career in college and the pros. He witnessed Jordan's growth from a skinny rookie to the instantly recognizable global ambassador for basketball whose business savvy and success have millions of kids still wanting to be just like Mike. Yet Lazenby also witnessed the Michael Jordan whose drive and appetite are more fearsome and more insatiable than any of his fans could begin to know. Michael Jordan: The Life explores both sides of his personality to reveal the fullest, most compelling story of the man who is Michael Jordan.Lazenby draws on his personal relationships with Jordan's coaches; countless interviews with Jordan's friends, teammates, and family members; and interviews with Jordan himself to provide the first truly definitive study of Michael Jordan: the player, the icon, and the man.
      Double Play
Pace Martin is the ace pitcher for the Pacific Heat. He's got the arm, the experience and the wins. He's also got the pain, the pressure, and the possible end of his career looming over him. The last thing he needs now is a distraction, even if it comes in the form of a tough, beautiful, tell-it-like-it-is writer who sees past his defenses.Holly Hutchins knows a good story when she sees one, and the tall, dark and slightly attitude-ridden Pace Martin fits the bill. But when she realizes there's ore at stake than just the win, she starts to notice the handsome broad-shouldered jock in a different light.Pace and Holly begin a seductive game in which neither wants to drop the ball, but in the face of an unexpected betrayal and challenge, they ll have to find the courage to swing for the fences…
      Most Valuable Playboy
Hands down, my favorite thing in the world is to score. Touchdowns.Don't let the fact that I'm the leading pick in the Most Valuable Playboy charity auction fool you. These days, I'm only a player on the field. I've kept my pants zipped all season long — and it has been long — because nothing's more important than leading my team to victory every week. Except maybe escaping from the team owner's recently-widowed and handsy-as-hell sister who's dead set on winning more than a date with me.Enter Violet and a well-placed Hail Mary.She's my best friend's sister with a smile as sweet as cherry pie and a mind that runs quicker than the 40-yard-dash. After Violet saves the day with the highest bid, I don't even give her a two-minute warning before I kiss her in front of the whole crowd and then announce that she's my girlfriend. Which would be fine except my agent tells me we've got to keep up the act while he's negotiating my contract.What happens next when faking it starts to feel all too real?
      Loose Balls: The Short, Wild Life of the American Basketball Association
The American Basketball Association (1967-1976) gave birth to Julius Erving, Moses Malone, Bob Costas, the Indiana Pacers, the San Antonio Spurs, the Slam Dunk contest, flashy moves, and the three-point basket. During its nine seasons, the ABA generated scorn and laughter--and made a lasting impact on how the game is played. 24 pages of photographs.
      Save of the Game
After last season's eartbreaking loss to his hockey team's rchrival, Jacksonville Sea Storm goalie Riley Hunter is ready to let go of the past and focus on a winning season. His new roommate, Ethan Kennedy, is a loud New Yorker with a passion for social justice that matches his role as the team's nforcer. The quieter Riley is attracted to Ethan and has no idea what to do about it.Ethan has no hesitations. As fearless as his position demands, he rushes into things without much thought for the consequences.Though they eventually warm to their passionate new bond, it doesn t come without complications. While trying to financially help Ethan, Riley must hide his family's ealth so as not to hurt Ethan's mmense pride. For their relationship to work, Ethan will need to learn when to keep the gloves on and let someone help him—and Riley will have to learn it's kay to let someone past his defenses.
      Fighting for flight
What happens when in order to win, you re forced to lose?The only daughter of an infamous Las Vegas pimp, Raven Morretti grew up an outsider. Liberated from the neglectful home of her prostitute mother, she finds solace as a mechanic. With few friends, she's ontent with the simple life. flying under the radar is all she knows, and more than she expects.Until she catches the eye of local celebrity, Ufl playboy Jonah Slade. Weeks away from his title fight, Jonah is determined to stay focused on everything he's rained so hard to achieve. Undefeated in the octagon, he's t the height of his career. But resisting Raven's ffortless allure and uncomplicated nature is a fight he can t win. Jonah trades in his bad-boy reputation and puts his heart on the line. But when her father contacts her, setting in motion the ugly truth of her destiny, Jonah must choose. In a high-stakes gamble where love and freedom hang in the balance, a war is waged where the price of losing is a fate worse than death.Will the hotheaded Jonah be able to restrain his inner fighter to save the woman he loves? Or will Raven be forced into a life she's een desperate to avoid?Word Count: 112,406 
      Wait Till Next Year
By the award-winning author of Team of Rivals and The Bully Pulpit, Wait Till Next Year is Doris Kearns Goodwin's ouching memoir of growing up in love with her family and baseball.Set in the suburbs of New York in the 1950s, Wait Till Next Year re-creates the postwar era, when the corner store was a place to share stories and neighborhoods were equally divided between Dodger, Giant, and Yankee fans.  We meet the people who most influenced Goodwin's arly life: her mother, who taught her the joy of books but whose debilitating illness left her housebound: and her father, who taught her the joy of baseball and to root for the Dodgers of Jackie Robinson, Roy Campanella, Pee Wee Reese, Duke Snider, and Gil Hodges. Most important, Goodwin describes with eloquence how the Dodgers  leaving Brooklyn in 1957, and the death of her mother soon after, marked both the end of an era and, for her, the end of childhood.
      Defying the Odds
A MMA Romance  When struggling waitress Melody Dylan gives a handsome, lonely stranger a simple gift she has no clue her life is about to take a drastic turn.  The stranger ends up being Clay Powers, a famous UFC heavyweight fighter. Clay's arge build and dangerous fists have always intimidated. People in his hometown keep their distance and Clay is fine with that. Everything changes when a new waitress at the local diner buys him a piece of pie on Thanksgiving. Touched by the gesture when it's bvious she can barely afford to survive, her warm smile and lush body churn up powerful feelings that leave Clay wanting more from her than pie.  Melody is running from her past and the small, country town of Garnet is the perfect hiding place. With an ex-husband after her and scars from her abusive marriage etched deep, the last thing she expects is to fall for a man who makes a living with his fists, but she can t resist Clay or the tender connection they share.  Finding love in the most unlikely of places, the passion is undeniable, but Clay and Melody know their haunted pasts and unpredictable futures leave the odds stacked against them.
      Hard and Fast
The sequel to flat-Out Sexy, starring a bad boy race car driver hero who's met his match-from a hot USA Today bestselling author. Grad student Imogen Wilson realizes she's hit on the perfect thesis for her sociology degree. If she follows the so-called rules on how to get a man, can she steer her way into the world and hearts of stock race car drivers, and establish their dating- and mating-patterns? Although sexy and reckless racer Ty McCordle is the ideal test subject, Imogen knows that for the sake of science, she can't give in to her growing attraction for him. Yet he's the one who's chasing after her, and Imogen realizes that she actually wants to be caught. A southern gentleman like Ty will satisfy all her curiosity-and make all the risks worthwhile...
      Downed
He's he guy no one likes…  Despite winning two national championships, JR Ace  Anderson was sent packing from his old school after losing the trust of his coach. At Southern U, he has a second chance to prove that his college legacy isn t endless debauchery and selfishness. But his reputation precedes him, and his teammates offer a chilly welcome in the locker room. The one person who is willing to accept him is the very woman he should stay away from—his new coach's aughter.  She's he girl everyone loves…  Bryant Johnson's nly goal in life is to make others happy, even at her own expense. One look at her father's ew star quarterback, and she knows that Ace is her next project. With a reputation for being a jerk whisperer , Bryant has spent her last three years at college reforming sorry behavior and turning bad boys into the best boyfriends ever. In Ace, though, she's et with surly resistance and a sizzling attraction she doesn t expect. Fixing this wounded warrior will be her biggest challenge yet. Not falling for him will be even harder.  Between her big heart and his damaged one, a battle is ensuing. In this game of love, every defense will crumble. 
      Empty Net
Spartanburg Spitfires  goalie and captain Isaac Drake ended last season with an unexpected trip to the playoffs. He's ound a home and family with his coach and mentor, Misha Samarin, and he's ooking forward to making a serious run for the Kelly Cup. But things take an interesting turn when Isaac's rchnemesis, Laurent St. Savoy, is traded to the Spitfires. After Laurent's espicable behavior in the playoffs last year, Isaac wants nothing to do with him – no matter how gorgeous he is. But that changes when Isaac discovers the reason for Laurent's ttitude.Laurent St. Savoy grew up the only son of a legendary NHL goalie in a household rife with abuse, constantly treated like a disappointment on and off the ice. When a desperate attempt to escape his father's yranny sends him to the Spitfires, the last thing Laurent wants is to make friends. But there's omething about Isaac Drake that he can t resist, and Laurent has an opportunity to explore his sexuality for the first time, but he's racking under end-of-the season pressures. When facing the playoffs and a rivalry turned personal vendetta, Isaac's ot sure he's nough to hold Laurent—or their relationship—together.Please be advised: This book does contain some non-graphic references to past childhood physical/emotional abuse as well as issues relating to ED (bulimia and restricted eating, disordered thoughts about eating).
      Baseball Between the Numbers: Why Everything You Know About the Game Is Wrong
In the numbers-obsessed sport of baseball, statistics don't merely record what players, managers, and owners have done. Properly understood, they can tell us how the teams we root for could employ better strategies, put more effective players on the field, and win more games. The revolution in baseball statistics that began in the 1970s is a controversial subject that professionals and fans alike argue over without end. Despite this fundamental change in the way we watch and understand the sport, no one has written the book that reveals, across every area of strategy and management, how the best practitioners of statistical analysis in baseball-people like Bill James, Billy Beane, and Theo Epstein-think about numbers and the game. Baseball Between the Numbers is that book. In separate chapters covering every aspect of the game, from hitting, pitching, and fielding to roster construction and the scouting and drafting of players, the experts at Baseball Prospectus examine the subtle, hidden aspects of the game, bring them out into the open, and show us how our favorite teams could win more games. This is a book that every fan, every follower of sports radio, every fantasy player, every coach, and every player, at every level, can learn from and enjoy.
      Off the Ice
Tristan Holt is nothing if not pragmatic. Despite a flourishing career as a defenseman for the Atlanta Venom, Tristan knows he can t play hockey forever. One day he ll retire—if an injury doesn t force him to hang up his skates first. His backup plan? Finishing his business degree. But he doesn t count on a very inappropriate attraction to his standoffish sociology professor, Sebastian Cruz.Sebastian is on the bottom rung of the Sociology Department at Georgia State. He has his sights set on tenure, and he can t afford to be distracted, especially not by a sexy student with a body straight out of Sebastian's reams. No matter how much Tristan tempts him, that's ne line Sebastian won t cross. At least not until summer classes end. After that, everything is fair game.But Sebastian lives loud and proud, and Tristan is terrified of being the first out player in the NHL. Neither of them can afford to risk their hearts when they can t imagine a happily ever after. The problem is, unlike hockey, when it comes to love, there are no rules.
      Stealing Home
Being the only woman working for a professional baseball team isn t easy. As the San Diego Shock's ewest athletic trainer, Allie knows all about long hours, endless travel, and warding off players  advances. Given she's lready the subject of a handful of rumors about how lucky  she was to have earned such a coveted position, she can t so much as flutter an eyelash a player's ay if she wants to be taken seriously. But number eleven is doing more than fluttering eyelashes Allie's ay. Far more. Luke Archer is at the top of his game and doesn t let the fear of striking out keep him from swinging. This is a motto he applies both on and off the field, but Allie appears immune, seeming to view Luke as nothing more than caution tape on legs. He's  player, and in Allie's xperience, they re all the same. She won t risk her job or her heart to another one, no matter how different this one claims to be. But as Allie gets to know him, she discovers the number eleven the public thinks they know is very different from the real Luke Archer. He seems too good to be true. And maybe he is. Allie will have to confront the stories attached to a player of Luke Archer's tature and decide who she ll put her faith in—The man she's alling for? Or the rumors?
      Sunny
Sunny tries to shine despite his troubled past in this third novel in the critically acclaimed Track series from National Book Award finalist Jason Reynolds.Ghost. Patina. Sunny. Lu. Four kids from wildly different backgrounds, with personalities that are explosive when they clash. But they are also four kids chosen for an elite middle school track team—a team that could qualify them for the Junior Olympics. They all have a lot of lose, but they all have a lot to prove, not only to each other, but to themselves. Sunny is the main character in this novel, the third of four books in Jason Reynold's lectrifying middle grade series.Sunny is just that—sunny. Always ready with a goofy smile and something nice to say, Sunny is the chillest dude on the Defenders team. But Sunny's ife hasn t always been sun beamy-bright. You see, Sunny is a murderer. Or at least he thinks of himself that way. His mother died giving birth to him, and based on how Sunny's ad treats him—ignoring him, making Sunny call him Darryl, never Dad —it's o wonder Sunny thinks he's o blame. It seems the only thing Sunny can do right in his dad's yes is win first place ribbons running the mile, just like his mom did. But Sunny doesn t like running, never has. So he stops. Right in the middle of a race.With his relationship with his dad now worse than ever, the last thing Sunny wants to do is leave the other newbies—his only friends—behind. But you can t be on a track team and not run. So Coach asks Sunny what he wants to do. Sunny's nswer? Dance. Yes, dance. But you also can t be on a track team and dance. Then, in a stroke of genius only Jason Reynolds can conceive, Sunny discovers a track event that encompasses the hard hits of hip-hop, the precision of ballet, and the showmanship of dance as a whole: the discus throw. As Sunny practices the discus, learning when to let go at just the right time, he ll let go of everything that's een eating him up inside, perhaps just in time.
      Training Season
Unquestionably talented figure skater Matty Marcus is willing to sacrifice everything for his Olympic dream, but his lack of discipline cost him the gold once before. Now the pressure's n. He needs a coach who can keep him in line, but top coaches don't come cheap, and Matty can't afford to stay in the game no matter how badly he wants to win.When a lucrative house-sitting gig brings him to rural Montana, Matty does his best to maintain his training regimen. Local residents turn out to be surprisingly tolerant of his flamboyant style, especially handsome young rancher Rob Lovely, who proves to be much more than a cowboy stereotype. Just as Matty requires a firm hand to perform his best on the ice, Rob shows him how strong he can be when he relinquishes control in the bedroom. With new-found self-assurance, he drives himself harder to go straight to the top.But competition has a timetable, and to achieve his Olympic dream, Matty will have to join his new coach in New York City, leaving Rob behind. Now he must face the ultimate test. Has he truly learned how to win—on and off the ice—during his training season?
      Lucas
The Carolina Cold Fury hockey team is stacked with hotshots. But when a new player joins their ranks, he learns that even superstars can t go it alone when it comes to love.Lucas Fournier is only serious about one thing: hockey. The league's un-loving charmer, Luc is always up for a good prank or a great lay, and he has no intention of settling down. But being traded to the Carolina Cold Fury—and to play alongside his big brother, Max—is no joke. With another title in sight, the last thing Luc wants is to let his new teammates down. To succeed, Luc will need to keep his head in the game and the most . . . er, demanding member of his anatomy in check. But when temptation hits, Luc hits back harder.Museum curator Stephanie Frazier has always put business before pleasure, which just about explains her nonexistent sex life. But when Stephanie meets Luc at a champagne-fueled gala, she finds herself flirting like crazy—and going home with the uninhibited athlete. For one night, she learns what passion is all about. She just never counted on the little surprise Luc leaves behind. And that's hen things really start to get . . . interesting.Sawyer Bennett's ew York Times bestselling Carolina Cold Fury series can be read together or separately.
      True Love and Other Disasters
Disaster Number One: MENHard knocks and hunger taught Faith Duffy not to believe in love. Still, when she married her very wealthy—and very old—husband, she became the perfect wife. And then he went to that big bank in the sky, leaving Faith with lonely nights, a pile of money, and a total mess of a pro hockey team. Heck, Faith doesn't even watch hockey!Disaster Number Two: PASSIONBut most of America and half of Canada is watching Ty Savage. His lethal sex appeal and deadly right hook make him the favorite of fans. For most of Ty's life, he's dreamed of winning the Stanley Cup. The last thing he needs is a bimbo messing up his plans.Disaster Number Three: LOVEFaith loathes Ty on sight, but she can't stop thinking about him all day ... and night. Then a moment of temptation ends with Faith in Ty's bed, and she begins to see there's more to him than sex appeal. Ty discovers there's far more to Faith than beauty and billions. But a relationship with Faith is impossible, and falling in love—that would be a disaster.
      Puck Me Secretly
I ve never been in love. I ve never had an orgasm, but I ve faked plenty. I want to experience love.  Real, passionate love. I don t want to die.  It's unny what blurts out of your mouth when the plane you re on is going down, and I didn t hold back with my seat mate when my plane decided to crash. My hysterical confessions didn t faze the muscular stranger that sat beside me.  In fact, he promised if we survived, he d give me my first orgasm.    We survived. I came. And then he left without telling me who he was.  On the first day of my job, I stood in front of the Vancouver Wolves hockey team and called out a number.  #33. Imagine my shock when he skated forward.  Max is an incredible hockey player, whose wild, out-of-control antics have almost derailed his career.  So many secrets shroud his past and continue to threaten his future.   Now he's y secret.  And that secret could ruin everything.    Puck Me SECRETLY.  Some secrets are too big to keep.  Intended for adult audiences only.
      The Arm: Inside the Billion-Dollar Mystery of the Most Valuable Commodity in Sports
NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLEREvery year, Major League Baseball spends more than $1.5 billion on pitchers—five times the salary of all Nfl quarterbacks combined. Pitchers are the lifeblood of the sport, the ones who win championships, but today they face an epidemic unlike any baseball has ever seen. One tiny ligament in the elbow keeps snapping and sending teenagers and major leaguers alike to undergo surgery, an issue the baseball establishment ignored for decades. For three years, Jeff Passan, the lead baseball columnist for Yahoo Sports, has traveled the world to better understand the mechanics of the arm and its place in the sport's ast, present, and future. He got the inside story of how the Chicago Cubs decided to spend $155 million on one pitcher. He sat down for a rare interview with Hall of Famer Sandy Koufax, whose career ended at 30 because of an arm injury. He went to Japan to understand how another baseball-obsessed nation deals with this crisis. And he followed two major league pitchers as they returned from Tommy John surgery, the revolutionary procedure named for the former All-Star who first underwent it more than 40 years ago. Passan discovered a culture that struggles to prevent arm injuries and lacks the support for the changes necessary to do so. He explains that without a drastic shift in how baseball thinks about its talent, another generation of pitchers will fall prey to the same problem that vexes the current one. Equal parts medical thriller and cautionary tale, The Arm is a searing exploration of baseball's ost valuable commodity and the redemption that can be found in one fragile and mysterious limb. 
      Boy21
Basketball has always been an escape for Finley. He lives in gray, broken Bellmont, a town ruled by the Irish Mob, drugs, violence, and racially charged rivalries. At home, he takes care of his disabled grandfather, and at school he's alled White Rabbit , the only white kid on the varsity basketball team. He's lways dreamed of getting out somehow with his girlfriend, Erin. But until then, when he puts on his number 21, everything seems to make sense.Russ has just moved to the neighborhood. A former teen basketball phenom from a privileged home, his life has been turned upside down by tragedy. Cut off from everyone he knows, he now answers only to the name Boy21—his former jersey number—and has an unusual obsession with outer space.As their final year of high school brings these two boys together, Boy21  may turn out to be the answer they both need.
      The Locker Room
Have you heard the rumor around campus about the locker room?If you haven't, let me enlighten you: Legend has it if you bring a girl into the sacred after-game domain of the baseball locker room, it will end with a walk down the aisle. One rowdy and naked encounter against the lockers with the girl of your dreams will make her your wife. Translation: baseball players are stupidly superstitious and believe the locker room has magical powers. But not all baseball players are superstitious, me included. So when the girl I've fallen for brushes me off, I start to question if I need to switch my way of thinking. Maybe it's time I finally hand out a coveted invitation to the locker room. The only question is, will she accept?
      Down by Contact
Two rival football players begin a game with higher stakes than the Super Bowl in this steamy romance from the author of Illegal Contact. Simeon Boudreaux, the New York Barons  golden-armed quarterback, is blessed with irresistible New Orleans charm and a face to melt your mama's eart. He's niversally adored by fans and the media. Coming out as gay in solidarity with his teammate hasn t harmed his reputation in the least—except for some social media taunting from rival linebacker Adrián Bravo.Though they were once teammates, Adrián views Simeon as a traitor and the number-one name on the New Jersey Predators  shit list. When animosity between the two Nfl players reaches a boiling point on the field, culminating in a dirty fist fight, they re both benched for six games and sentenced to joint community service teaching sullen, Brooklyn teens how to play ball.At first, they can barely stand to be in the same room, but running the camp forces them to shape up. With no choice but to work together, Simeon realizes Adrián is more than his alpha-jerk persona, and Adrián begins to question why he's lways had such strong feelings for the gorgeous QB…
      The Baseball Codes: Beanballs, Sign Stealing, and Bench-Clearing Brawls: The Unwritten Rules of America's Pastime
Everyone knows that baseball is a game of intricate regulations, but it turns out to be even more complicated than we realize. What truly governs the Major League game is a set of unwritten rules, some of which are openly discussed (don t steal a base with a big lead late in the game), and some of which only a minority of players are even aware of (don t cross between the catcher and the pitcher on the way to the batter's ox). In The Baseball Codes, old-timers and all-time greats share their insights into the game's ost halloweda€ and least knowna€ traditions. For the learned and the casual baseball fan alike, the result is illuminating and thoroughly entertaining. a At the heart of this book are incredible and often hilarious stories involving national heroes (like Mickey Mantle and Willie Mays) and notorious headhunters (like Bob Gibson and Don Drysdale) in a century-long series of confrontations over respect, honor, and the soul of the game. With The Baseball Codes, we see for the first time the game as it's ctually played, through the eyes of the players on the field.a With rollicking stories from the past and new perspectives on baseball's nformal rulebook, The Baseball Codes is a must for every fan.
      Getting Lucky Number Seven
What's your lucky number?Lyla Wilder is done being the shy, chemistry nerd extraordinaire. While every other college student is out having fun, Lyla is studying. With her cat. Well, she's played it safe quite enough, thank you. So she creates a College Bucket List―with item #7 being a night of uninhibited, mind-blowing sex...But she needs some help from her man-whore best friend.Hockey player Beck Davenport thought Lyla's transformation would be subtle. Man, was he wrong. With every item she ticks off, Beck finds himself growing seriously hot for his sweet, brainiac best friend. And if he's not careful, he'll end up risking their friendship in order to convince Lyla that he might just be her lucky #7...
      Pistol: The Life of Pete Maravich
Pistol is more than the biography of a ballplayer. It's the stuff of classic novels: the story of a boy transformed by his father's dream -- and the cost of that dream. Even as Pete Maravich became Pistol Pete -- a basketball icon for baby boomers -- all the Maraviches paid a price. Now acclaimed author Mark Kriegel has brilliantly captured the saga of an American family: its rise, its apparent ruin, and, finally, its redemption. Almost four decades have passed since Maravich entered the national consciousness as basketball's boy wizard. No one had ever played the game like the kid with the floppy socks and shaggy hair. And all these years later, no one else ever has. The idea of Pistol Pete continues to resonate with young people today just as powerfully as it did with their fathers.In averaging 44.2 points a game at Louisiana State University, he established records that will never be broken. But even more enduring than the numbers was the sense of ecstasy and artistry with which he played. With the ball in his hands, Maravich had a singular power to inspire awe, inflict embarrassment, or even tell a joke.But he wasn't merely a mesmerizing showman. He was basketball's answer to Elvis, a white Southerner who sold Middle America on a black man's game. Like Elvis, he paid a terrible price, becoming a prisoner of his own fame.Set largely in the South, Kriegel's Pistol, a tale of obsession and basketball, fathers and sons, merges several archetypal characters. Maravich was a child prodigy, a prodigal son, his father's ransom in a Faustian bargain, and a Great White Hope. But he was also a creature of contradictions: always the outsider but a virtuoso in a team sport, anexuberant showman who wouldn't look you in the eye, a vegetarian boozer, an athlete who lived like a rock star, a suicidal genius saved by Jesus Christ.A renowned biographer -- People magazine called him a master -- Kriegel renders his subject with a style that is, by turns, heartbreaking, lyrical, and electric.The narrative begins in 1929, the year a missionary gave Pete's father a basketball. Press Maravich had been a neglected child trapped in a hellish industrial town, but the game enabled him to blossom. It also caused him to confuse basketball with salvation. The intensity of Press's obsession initiates a journey across three generations of Maraviches. Pistol Pete, a ballplayer unlike any other, was a product of his father's vanity and vision. But that dream continues to exact a price on Pete's own sons. Now in their twenties -- and fatherless for most of their lives -- they have waged their own struggles with the game and its ghosts.Pistol is an unforgettable biography. By telling one family's history, Kriegel has traced the history of the game and a large slice of the American narrative.
      Breaking Away
BREAKING AWAY is a story of loss, healing, and love… where unexpected turns and heartache lead to passion.To Nashville Assassins  leading scoring center Phillip Anderson, playing hockey has always been easy… as natural as breathing. His life is no different. That's ntil his world is turned upside down by the death of his sister. While mourning his loss, Phillip has to find a way to make his very angry sixteen-year-old niece, Claire, happy. Now, as her guardian, he discovers the only thing that seems to heal her lonely heart is dance class. But what he didn t count on was the attraction he d feel towards her drop-dead sexy dance teacher.For Reese Allen, dancing has always been part of her soul. After having her heart broken in New York, she comes home with the determination to make her dance studio one of the best in Tennessee and succeeds. When she sees Claire dance for the first time, she knows the girl is bound for greatness and takes the troubled teen under her wing. Using dance as therapy, she suddenly finds herself bound to the young woman… and her hot-as-sin uncle.However, Phillip and Reese are happy in their single lives. It's imple. They do what they want, who they want, and how they want, but from the moment they meet, the attraction is undeniable. Soon, they are more than willing to spend just one night tangled in the sheets. But, one night turns into two, and two turns into three, until they find themselves in a repeated dance of One Last Time  that has the potential to be something more… if only Reese and Claire allow it.Can Phillip find a way to thaw the hearts of both the women in his life, or will he be forever trying to break them away from their pasts?
      On a Tuesday
We met on a Tuesday. Became best friends, then lovers, on a Tuesday. And everything fell apart on a Tuesday... Charlotte Taylor has three automatic strikes in my book: 1) She hates me. She also claims that I'm a domineering jerk with a huge, overbearing ego. (I do  have something huge. It's not my ego, though.) 2) She takes our mandatory tutoring sessions way too seriously. 3) She's sexy as hell...And a virgin. At least, those were her strikes before our study sessions started lasting longer than they were supposed to. Until one innocent kiss became a hundred dirty ones, and until she became the first woman I ever fell hard for. Our future together after graduation was supposed to be set: Professional football for me. Law school for her. But she left me at the end of the semester with no explanation, and then she completely disappeared from my life. Until tonight.We met on a Tuesday. Became everything, then nothing, on a Tuesday. And now it's seven years later, on a Tuesday...  **This is a full length second chance romance, inspired by Adele's When We Were Young** 
      #Hater
It started with unspoken animosity. The bitter bite of jealousy. And now its full blown hate.It was during my first football game that I first felt the first chill of hate. I looked it right in the eyes and felt its sticky tentacles reach out for me. I d never experienced something so cold and empty before.The effect of that look lingered, like an unspoken promise, long after it was gone. Becoming a couple – becoming the other half of a campus celebrity wasn t easy. I let down walls guarding my heart and he looked past my glasses and accident prone tendencies. Romeo and I are an unlikely match, a #nerd and a jock. But we made it. And we re happy. Zach doesn t want us to be happy. He wants Romeo to pay for getting him kicked out of Omega and for the night he spent in jail. He's oing to use anything and everything he can to get his revenge. Including me. As the weather on campus grows cold and the days become dark, revenge becomes the center of someone's ife and the happiness Romeo and I worked so hard for is threatened. I can t help but worry that our love is going to be overshadowed by hate.
      Wherever I Wind Up: My Quest for Truth, Authenticity and the Perfect Knuckleball
AN INSPIRATIONAL MEMOIR OF OVERCOMING EXTRAORDINARY ADVERSITY. THIS ACCLAIMED AND RIVETING STORY IS A FIVE STAR REVIEWED, STATED FIRST EDITION HARDCOVER BY R.A. DICKEY, WINNER OF THE 2012 CY YOUNG AWARD. AN ASTOUNDING MEMOIR - HAUNTING AND TOUCHING, COURAGEOUS AND WISE JEREMY SCHAAP, BESTSELLING AUTHOR AND EMMY AWARD WINNING JOURNALIST, ESPN. DICKEY, ONE OF THE NATIONAL LEAGUE'S PREMIER PLAYERS ELOQUENTLY SHARES HIS CHALLENGING TALE OF SUCCEEDING AGAINST EXTRAORDINARY ODDS TO COME BACK FROM HORRIFIC PHYSICAL, EMOTIONAL AND FINANCIAL PROBLEMS.
      Slow Getting Up: A Story of Nfl Survival from the Bottom of the Pile
An unvarnished and uncensored account of quotidian life in the Nfl from one of the best writers to ever play in its ranksThe Nfl is the most popular sports league in America-and the most damaging to its players. Degenerative brain conditions, early onset arthritis, bad knees, hips, shoulders: such is the glory that awaits the retired veteran of the Nfl-as well as the terrible pensions and imminent financial ruin for the majority that lack college degrees. But for the millions of Nfl fans, the average Nfl player is faceless; his pain and suffering virtually invisible.Nate Jackson was a receiver at tiny Division III Menlo College, on the coast of California. Talented enough to sign as a free agent with the 49ers, he then played for six seasons with the Denver Broncos, bouncing from the practice squad to the active roster and eventually a starting spot-a player barely holding on to a career in the pros, like the majority of his fellow players.As he traces the arc of his career, Jackson brings to light the story of hundreds of everyday, expendable players whose lives-unlike those of their superstar colleagues-aren't captured in high-definition. From scouting combines to training camps, off-season parties to game-day routines, this remarkably written memoir-funny, candid, controversial, and artful-is an unforgettable look at life in the Nfl, and the real lives of young men risking their bodies, and ultimately their lives, to play pro football.
      Slow Heat
After a woman claims she's regnant with Wade O Riley's ove child, Major League Baseball's ost celebrated catcher and ladies  man is slapped on the wrist by management and ordered to improve his image. His enforcer is the team's ublicist, the tough and sexy Samantha McNead.When Wade needs a date for a celebrity wedding, Sam steps up to the plate as his girlfriend.  But given her secret crush on him and that one awkward night a year ago in a stuck elevator with too much scotch, the whole thing is an exercise in sexual tension.Wade is thrilled when the pretense turns into an unexpected night of hot passion. But the next day Sam is back to her cool self. As a catcher, Wade's sed to giving the signals, not struggling to read them. Now, to win the love of his pretend  girlfriend, he needs a homerun—even it involves stealing a few bases…
      The Inner Game of Tennis: The Classic Guide to the Mental Side of Peak Performance
The Inner Game of Tennis is a revolutionary program for overcoming the self-doubt, nervousness, and lapses of concentration that can keep a player from winning. Now available in a revised paperback edition, this classic bestseller can change the way the game of tennis is played.
      Next Man Up: A Year Behind the Lines in Today's Nfl
In the Nfl there is only one certainty: that every day, someone will have to be the Next Man Up. Football is an unrelentingly punishing sport, played and practiced at undiminished intensity, and it devours its players. Confronting injuries, trades, and the grim reality of competition, every Nfl team prepares constantly for the likelihood -- the certainty -- that even franchise players can go down at any time. And someone new must be ready, trained, and primed to step in at the highest level.  Bestselling sportswriter John Feinstein persuaded one Nfl team to lift the extraordinary secrecy that shrouds the sport and let him see how a team operates at the closest level. One team let him join every practice, every coaches' meeting, every players' gathering, every strategy debate. From the give-and-take of draft day, into the grinder of summer training camps, and from 100-degree practice games to the last game in frigid conditions, Feinstein reveals how a football team works -- or fails to work -- as no writer has done before. Next Man Up unveils rituals (what a coach tells a player at the moment he cuts him); rules (the inanities of league-appointed uniform Nazis); conflicts (the scouts vs. the coaches, the general managers vs. the agents, the offense vs. the defense, the special teams coaches vs. everybody); money (how much a journeyman makes, and how his life differs from the multi-million-dollar-a-year star players)-every nuance of a team's life, from the owner's goals to the coach's day-to-day travails to the feeling of the sleet-soaked ball in the hands of a receiver on artificial turf.  The access John Feinstein enjoyed allows him to discuss with equal understanding the owner's management strategy, the coaches' and coordinators' plans for each new game, and how it all affects the players themselves. Anyone who loves football -- any team, in any era -- will savor the thousands of details revealed here for the first time, and the extraordinary drama that goes into following week after week, the most sensational sport in America.
      Once a Runner
Once a Runner captures the essence of what it means to be a competitive runner; to devote your entire existence to a single-minded pursuit of excellence. It has become one of the most beloved sports novels ever written. Originally self-published in 1978 and sold at road races out of the trunk of the author's ar, reading the book became a rite of passage for many runners, and tattered copies were handed down like sacred texts from generation to generation.Once a Runner is the story of Quenton Cassidy, a collegiate runner at fictional Southeastern University whose lifelong dream is to run a four-minute mile. He is less than a second away when the political and cultural turmoil of the Vietnam War era intrudes into the staid recesses of his school's thletic department. After he becomes involved in an athletes  protest, Cassidy is suspended from his track team.Under the tutelage of his friend and mentor, Bruce Denton, a graduate student and former Olympic gold medalist, Cassidy gives up his scholarship, his girlfriend, and possibly his future to withdraw to a monastic retreat in the countryside and begin training for the race of his life: a head-to-head match with the greatest miler in history.This audiobook is a rare insider's ccount of the incredibly intense lives of elite distance runners; an inspiring, funny, and spot-on tale of one man's uest to become a champion.
      The Extra 2%: How Wall Street Strategies Took a Major League Baseball Team from Worst to First
What happens when three financial industry whiz kids and certified baseball nuts take over an ailing major league franchise and implement the same strategies that fueled their success on Wall Street? In the case of the 2008 Tampa Bay Rays, an American League championship happens—the culmination of one of the greatest turnarounds in baseball history.In The Extra 2%, financial journalist and sportswriter Jonah Keri chronicles the remarkable story of one team's inderella journey from divisional doormat to World Series contender. When former Goldman Sachs colleagues Stuart Sternberg and Matthew Silverman assumed control of the Tampa Bay Devil Rays in 2005, it looked as if they were buying the baseball equivalent of a penny stock. But the incoming regime came armed with a master plan: to leverage their skill at trading, valuation, and management to build a model twenty-first-century franchise that could compete with their bigger, stronger, richer rivals—and prevail.Together with boy genius  general manager Andrew Friedman, the new Rays owners jettisoned the old ways of doing things, substituting their own innovative ideas about employee development, marketing and public relations, and personnel management. They exorcized the devil  from the team's ickname, developed metrics that let them take advantage of undervalued aspects of the game, like defense, and hired a forward-thinking field manager as dedicated to unconventional strategy as they were. By quantifying the game's ntangibles—that extra 2% that separates a winning organization from a losing one—they were able to deliver to Tampa Bay something that Billy Beane'sMoneyball  had never brought to Oakland: an American League pennant.A book about what happens when you apply your business skills to your life's assion, The Extra 2% is an informative and entertaining case study for any organization that wants to go from worst to first.
      Last Shot: A Final Four Mystery
New York Times bestselling sportswriter John Feinstein exposes the real March Madness —behind the scenes at the Final Four basketball tournament.   When Stevie wins a writing contest for aspiring sports journalists, his prize is a press pass to the Final Four in New Orleans. While exploring the Superdome, he overhears a plot to throw the championship game. With the help of fellow contest winner Susan Carol, Stevie has just 48 hours to figure out who is blackmailing one of the star players . . . and why.   John Feinstein has been praised as the best writer of sports books in America today  (The Boston Globe), and he proves it again in this fast-paced novel.   A page-turning thriller and a basketball junkie's onanza.  —USA TodayFrom the Hardcover edition.
      I Hate You
WSJ bestselling author Ilsa Madden-Mills returns with an all-new, enemies-to-lovers second chance romance between the football hottie and the feisty nerd girl he can t forget.  I want you . . . even when I hate you.  Blaze Townsend: I hate you. Charisma Rossi: I hate you more.  She's een expecting this ever since their latest showdown. She had good reason.  Hottest guy she's ver seen. Former fling. Dumped her in front of all her friends. At her own party.  So no, she's ot about to forgive and forget just because he sits next to her in class. He thinks all he has to do is turn on those baby blues, and she ll melt right back into his arms. Please. She d be crazy to let this cocky player affect her again. (Tell that to her body.)  Charisma Rossi. Brainy girl with a dash of bad. The one who got under his skin. The one he cut loose.  Blaze knows she's he riskiest prospect at Waylon University, but none of the interchangeable girls he hooks up with have ever made him feel the way she did. There's bsolutely no way he can have the girl and the game.  So why can t he stop trying to win her back?  Can this wide receiver score the girl or will he make the biggest fumble of his life?  *Steamy and flirty with all the emotional feels, I Hate You is a new adult standalone romance.
      Playing for Keeps
I've never been so stupid in my entire life. Elise Parrish, my teammate's incredibly sweet and gorgeous younger sister, should have been off-limits, but my hockey stick didn't get the memo. After our team won the championship, our flirting turned physical, and I took her to bed. Then shame sent her running the next morning from our catastrophic mistake. She thinks I don't remember that night - but every detail is burned into my brain so deeply, I'll never forget. The feel of her in my arms, the soft whimpers of pleasure I coaxed from her perfect lips....And now I've spent three months trying to get her out of my head, but I'm starting to understand she's the only girl I'll ever want. I have one shot to show her I can be exactly what she needs, but Elise won't be easily convinced. That's okay, because I'm good under pressure, and this time, I'm playing for keeps.Get ready to meet your new favorite hot jocks in an all new stand-alone novel. If you like sexy, confident men who know how to handle a stick (on and off the ice), and smart women who are strong enough to keep all those big egos in check, this series of athlete romances is perfect for you! 
      The End Zone
Part of Team Player: A Sports Romance Anthology.Jolie Louis is a smart girl. She knows that her best friend, Sage Poirier, is a bad idea. He's  walking, talking cliché. The Adonis quarterback with the bulging biceps and harem of fangirls trailing behind him on campus like a stench you can t get rid of. Sadly, that's lso the reason she can t stay away from him. Well, that and the fact that they re roommates. Jolie is already straddling the line between friendship and more when Sage comes to her with an offer she cannot refuse: be his fake girlfriend and live for free for the rest of the semester. She tells herself that she can handle it. He's ust the boy she saved ten years ago, right? Wrong. So very wrong. He is a man now, and she is his captive Heart, body, and soul…
      Basketball (and Other Things): A Collection of Questions Asked, Answered, Illustrated
#1 New York Times bestseller Who is the greatest dunker of all time? Which version of the Michael Jordan was the best Michael Jordan? What is allowed and absolutely not allowed in a game of pickup basketball? Basketball (and Other Things) presents readers with a whole new set of pivotal and ridiculous fan disputes from basketball history, providing arguments and answers, explained with the wit and wisdom that is unique to Shea Serrano. Serrano breaks down debates that NBA fans didn t even know they needed, from the classic (How many years during his career was Kobe Bryant actually the best player in the league?) to the fantastical (If you could assign different values to different shots throughout basketball history, what would they be and why?). With incredible art from Arturo Torres, this book is a must-have for anyone who has ever stayed up late into the night debating basketball's reatest moments, what-ifs, stories, and legends, or for those who are discovering the mythology of basketball for the first time.
      Six Ways from Sunday
Take one Nfl tight end, and one Marine, add one week and watch the sparks fly.Bowen Murphy craved two things, football and Dylan. After high school he had football but he lost Dylan.Dylan Sunday walked a different path, one laid down before him by his father and his grandfather. Losing Bo one day after discovering they shared more than football wasn t part of the bargain. Six years of missed connections and finally Dylan is able to come home to the man he left behind. The spectacle of the biggest game in the Nfl is only the beginning of one sizzling week. After that time and fate would decide if Bo and Dylan would walk the same path, or if one of them would make the ultimate sacrifice.Warning: bittersweet tale of two hot men, making up for six years of separation. May not be suitable for sensitive readers. Contains scenes of male/male sexual practices.
      Fence, Vol. 2
Combines Issues #5-8.Nicholas Cox is determined to prove himself in the world of competitive fencing, and earn his place on the Kings Row fencing team, alongside sullen fencing prodigy, Seiji Katayama, to win the right to go up against his golden-boy half-brother.Tryouts are well underway at King's ow for a spot on the prodigious fencing team, and scrappy fencer Nicholas isn t sure he's oing to make the grade in the face of surly upperclassmen, nearly impossibly odds, and his seemingly unstoppable roommate, the surly, sullen Seiji Katayama. It ll take more than sheer determination to overcome a challenge this big!From the superstar team of C.S. Pacat (The Captive Prince) and fan-favorite artist Johanna the Mad comes the second volume of this acclaimed, dynamic series. 
      Kage
Librarian's Note: this is an alternate cover edition - ISBN 10: 1512341606My name is Jamie Atwood, and I m an addict. I never thought I d say such a thing. Never had a problem being overly-attached to anything in my life. I came from a perfectly middle-class family, made good grades, and had a hot cheerleader girlfriend... but the truth is, nothing ever really moved me. So how did a guy like me become an addict? I met Michael Kage. Kage is an MMA fighter. A famous one. I like to think I helped him get that way. He's harming as hell, with looks to rival any movie star and talent to back it up. So why did he need to hire me as an intern Publicist? Simple. He has a darkness in him– like a black hole so deep it could swallow him, and me, and everyone we know– and that's ot good for business. The first time I met him, I felt the pull. I think the addiction began at that very moment. And even if I d known then what I know now, I would have fallen for him. How could I not? For me, Kage is everything.
      Offside
An alternate cover edition can be found here.When hockey phenom Billie-Jo Barker returns home and decides to play in the local Friday night hockey league, all hell breaks loose. Not because Billie's talent is in question, but because Billie is a woman. And though these are modern times, some of the local guys still have a problem letting a girl into their 'men's club.'s on, Billie is at the center of a small town battle of the sexes, with everyone choosing sides. Her sisters. The townsfolk. Her friends. And yet, the only person whose opinion she cares about doesn't seem to care much at all. Logan Forest, the man who broke her heart when she was eighteen and the man she now shares the bench with every Friday night. She's got a lot to prove and though Billie Jo Barker scores on the ice, will this girl ever score with the man of her dreams?
      A Good Walk Spoiled: Days and Nights on the PGA Tour
In the highly acclaimed bestseller A Good Walk Spoiled, John Feinstein captures the world of professional golf as it has never been captured before. Traveling with the golfers on the PGA Tour, Feinstein gets inside the heads of the game's greatest players as well as its struggling wannabes. Meet superstars like Nick Price, who nailed a fifty-foot putt at the seventeenth to win the British Open, and Paul Azinger, who marked his return from a bout with cancer with an emotional appearance at the Buick Open. Go behind the scenes for Davis Love III's unforgettable come-from-behind victory in the Ryder Cup. In golf, Feinstein eloquently relates, the line that separates triumph from disappointment is incredibly fine. One week you've discovered the secret to the game; the next week you never want to play it again.
      Among the Thugs
They have names like Barmy Bernie, Daft Donald, and Steamin' Sammy. They like lager (in huge quantities), the Queen, football clubs (especially Manchester United), and themselves. Their dislike encompasses the rest of the known universe, and England's soccer thugs express it in ways that range from mere vandalism to riots that terrorize entire cities. Now Bill Buford, editor of the prestigious journal Granta, enters this alternate society and records both its savageries and its sinister allure with the social imagination of a George Orwell and the raw personal engagement of a Hunter Thompson.
      The Perfect First
How long do you last in bed?  Those were her first words to me, swiftly followed up with, And how big would you say you are? Persephone Alexander. Math genius. Lover of blazers. The only girl I know who can make Heidi braids look sexy as hell. And she's n a mission. Lose her virginity by the end of the semester. I walked in on her interview session for potential candidates (who even does that?) and saw straight through her brave front. She's ot a list of Firsts to accomplish like she's nly got months to live. I ve decided to be her guide for all her firsts except one. Someone's ot to keep her out of trouble. I have one rule, no sex. We even shook on it.I ll help her find the right guy for the job. Someone like her doesn t need someone like me and my massive...baggage for her first time. Drinking at a bar. Check. Partying all night. Double check. Skinny dipping. Triple check. She's nlike anyone I ve ever met. The walls I d put up around my heart are slowly crumbling with each touch that sets fire to my soul. I m the first to bend the rules. One electrifying kiss changes everything and suddenly I don t want to be her first, I want to be her only. But her plan was written before I came onto the scene and now I m determined to get her to re-write her future with me.
      The Varlet and the Voyeur
He kept his salacious secret for years. But soon, everyone is going to be reading about it in their morning paper…THE VARLET (and the VOYEUR)William Moore is a long way from home. A farm boy from Oklahoma, he's ow the most well-respected member of the Irish rugby team. But appearances are often deceptive, and Will isn t the clean-cut, all-American good-guy everyone imagines him to be. He's ot a secret, one that will tarnish his reputation forever.THE VOYEUR (and the VARLET)Josey Kavanagh is a self-proclaimed mess, but she's inally getting her shi… uh, act together. She's et her sights on becoming a veterinarian, but there's ne teeny tiny road bump. Her living arrangements are coming to an abrupt end, leaving Josey homeless and in need of a job to pay her way through college.THE PLANWhat he needs is a companion to keep him on the right path.What she needs is an apartment with free rent.Will is convinced Josey will make the perfect companion, since she's rutally honest and basically ‘just one of the guys.  Josey is convinced she can ensure Will doesn t succumb to his voyeuristic proclivities by keeping a scrupulous eye on him. Except, what happens when the varlet is tempted by the voyeur, and vice-versa?!Perchance something very, very volatile. And vexing.The Varlet and the Voyeur is a full-length romantic comedy novel, can be read as a standalone, and is the 4th (and last) book in the USA TODAY bestselling Rugby Series.
      Remy
Underground fighter Remington Tate is a mystery, even to himself. His mind is dark and light, complex and enlightening. At times his actions and moods are carefully measured, and at others, they spin out of control.Through it all, there's been one constant: wanting, needing, loving, and protecting Brooke Dumas. This is his story; from the first moment he laid eyes on her and knew, without a doubt, she would be the realest thing he's ever had to fight for.
      Through My Eyes
Former University of florida star quarterback, 2010 first-round draft pick for the Denver Broncos, and devout Christian Tim Tebow tells the story of his faith, his life, and his career in football in Through My Eyes. Written with Nathan Whitaker, the New York Times bestselling coauthor of Quiet Strength, with Tony Dungy, Through My Eyes gives fans a first look into the heart of an athlete whose talent and devotion have made him one of the most provocative figures in football.
      The Soul of Baseball: A Road Trip Through Buck O'Neil's America
When Legendary Negro League player Buck O'Neil asked sports columnist Joe Posnanski how he fell in love with baseball, Posnanski had to think about it. From that question was born the idea behind BASEBALL AND JAZZ. Posnanski and the 94 year old O'Neil decided to spend the 2005 baseball season touring the country in hopes of stirring up the love that first drew them to the game. This book is just as much the story of Buck O'Neil as it is the story of baseball. In a time when disillusioned, steroid–shooting, money hungry athletes define the sport, Buck O'Neil stands out as a man that truly played for the love of the game. Posnanski writes about that love and the one thing that O'Neil loved almost as much as baseball: jazz. BASEBALL AND JAZZ is an endearing step back in time to the days when the crack of a bat and the smoky notes of a midnight jam session were the sounds that brought the most joy to a man's heart.
      Out of Bounds
From the USA TODAY Bestselling author of Scoring Wilder, comes a sexy new STANDALONE novel. I despise Erik Winter.He's rrogant and cruel—a man I wouldn t wish on my worst enemy—and by some twisted turn of fate, he's y new Olympic gymnastics coach.I ve had to contend with gruff coaches in the past, but Erik is far worse. His stern demeanor complements a body built for intimidation, and his reprimands come from a mouth so cunning, I know it could strip me of my defenses—if I let it.Though each of us would love to be rid of the other forever, we are bound to each other by need and necessity. I m his rising star, his best shot at proving himself to his critics. And without a coach, I have zero chance of winning gold in Rio.The easiest way forward would be to wave a white flag and make peace with the man I ll be sharing close quarters with for the foreseeable future, but he is intent on war.Fine. By. Me.If he pushes me, I ll push back harder. If he wants to test me, to play with my head, I ll show him just how many boundaries I m willing to cross. Because I know it's ot a choice between winning or warring—not if you can have them both. At the end of it all, I plan on leaving Rio with gold around my neck and his icy heart in the palm of my hand.
      The Shameless Hour
The girl who's ad everyone meets the boy who has no one.For Bella, the sweet-talking, free-loving, hip-checking student manager of the Harkness men's ockey team, sex is a second language. She's sed to being fluent where others stutter, and the things people say behind her back don t (often) bother her. So she can t understand why her smoking hot downstairs neighbor has so much trouble staying friends after their spontaneous night together. She knows better than to worry about it, but there's omething in those espresso eyes that makes her second guess herself.Rafe is appalled with himself for losing his virginity in a drunken hookup. His strict Catholic upbringing always emphasized loving thy neighbor—but not with a bottle of wine and a box of condoms. The result is an Ivy League bout of awkwardness. But when Bella is leveled by a little bad luck and a downright sinister fraternity stunt, it's afe who is there to pick up the pieces.Bella doesn t want Rafe's help, and she's hrough with men. Too bad the undeniable spark that crackles between the two of them just can't be extinguished.
      The Game Changer
Jack appeared at my door last night after six months of no communication wearing a Mets jersey and holding a dozen red roses. He told me he was sorry, that he loved me, and that he would earn my trust again. It took everything in me to not fall apart at the mere sight of him. I wanted to take him back into my life, but I needed to know that this time it would be forever…In J. Sterling's ighly anticipated follow-up to her USA Today bestselling novel The Perfect Game, Jack and Cassie quickly realize that their new lifestyle can often be cruel and unforgiving. Their happiness is put to the test as the past is never truly far behind. How do you stay together when the world's trying to tear you apart?
      Wild Cards
A fresh and fun repackage of Wild Cards, Better Than Perfect launches a romantic new series from NY Times bestselling author Simone Elkeles. After getting kicked out of boarding school, bad boy Derek Fitzpatrick has no choice but to live with his ditzy stepmother while his military dad is deployed. Things quickly go from bad to worse when he finds out she plans to move them back to her childhood home in Illinois. Derek's ounting the days before he can be on his own, and the last thing he needs is to get involved with someone else's amily drama. Ashtyn Parker knows one thing for certain--people you care about leave without a backward glance. So when her older sister comes home after abandoning her ten years earlier, with her hot new stepson in tow, Ashtyn wants nothing to do with either of them. Then she comes up with a plan that would finally give her the chance to leave, but it requires trusting Derek—someone she barely knows, someone born to break the rules. Is she willing to put her heart on the line to try and get the future she wants?
      Bishop
Meet the Arizona Vengeance, hockey's ottest new team. They re burning up the ice—until a one-night-stand with the coach's aughter freezes one player in his skates.Bishop Scott, co-captain. Not too shabby, huh? It's ll part of my fresh start with the NHL's atest expansion team, and that means new teammates, a new coach, a new city, and a big new contract. Basically, I cannot f***ing wait to show my old squad what they re missing.But first, I decide to check out the town before the grind begins. Turns out Arizona chicks are totally smokin , and I m fortunate enough to meet one who's ooking for the same thing I am: a night of anonymous, unforgettable, no-strings-attached sex.Fast forward to the Vengeance arena. It's he last place I expect to see her again—let alone in her own office. Then bells go off and I finally realize who this girl is: Brooke Perron. My new coach's aughter. All of a sudden, we re picking up right where we left off, which means our hands are all over each other. That's hen her dad—my boss—walks in. And before I can get a word out, Brooke's ntroducing me as her fiancé.Sure, she just saved my ass. So why do I get the feeling Brooke's oing to turn my world upside down? Maybe it's ecause this fake relationship feels way too real. . . .The Carolina Cold Fury series from New York Times bestselling author Sawyer Bennett can be read together or separately:ALEXGARRETTZACKRYKERHAWKEMAXROMANLUCASVANREEDMAREKThe Love Hurts series features sexy standalone novels:SEX IN THE STICKSJILTEDAnd the Sugar Bowl series is one treat you ll want to read in order:SUGAR DADDYSUGAR RUSHSUGAR FREEIncludes an excerpt from another Loveswept title.
      Until It Fades
Twenty-four-year-old truck stop waitress and single mother Catherine Wright has simple goals: to give her five-year-old daughter a happy life and to never again be the talk of the town in Balsam, Pennsylvania: population two thousand outside of tourist season.And then one foggy night, on a lonely road back from another failed attempt at a relationship, Catherine saves a man's ife. It isn t until after the police have arrived that Catherine realizes exactly who it is she has saved: Brett Madden, hockey icon and media darling.Catherine has already had her fifteen minutes of fame and the last thing she wants is to have her past dragged back into the spotlight, only this time on a national stage. So she hides her identity. It works.For a time.But when she finds the man she saved standing on her doorstep, desperate to thank her, all that changes. What begins as an immediate friendship quickly turns into something neither of them expected. Something that Catherine isn t sure she can handle; something that Catherine is afraid to trust.Because how long can an extraordinary man like Brett be interested in an ordinary woman like Catherine…before the spark fades?
      Bottom of the 33rd: Hope, Redemption, and Baseball's Longest Game
From Pulitzer Prize-winning New York Times columnist Dan Barry comes the beautifully recounted story of the longest game in baseball history—a tale celebrating not only the robust intensity of baseball, but the aspirational ideal epitomized by the hard-fighting players of the minor leagues. In the tradition of Moneyball, The Last Hero, and Wicked Good Year, Barry's ottom of the 33rdis a reaffirming story of the American Dream finding its greatest expression in timeless contests of the Great American Pastime.
      Travel Team
The #1 Bestseller!Twelve-year-old Danny Walker may be the smallest kid on the basketball court -- but don't tell him that. Because no one plays with more heart or court sense. But none of that matters when he is cut from his local travel team, the very same team his father led to national prominence as a boy. Danny's father, still smarting from his own troubles, knows Danny isn't the only kid who was cut for the wrong reason, and together, this washed-up former player and a bunch of never-say-die kids prove that the heart simply cannot be measured.For fans of The Bad News Bears, Hoosiers, the Mighty Ducks, and Mike Lupica's other New York Times bestselling novels Heat, The Underdogs, and Million-Dollar Throw, here is a book that proves that when the game knocks you down, champions stand tall.
      Ultramarathon Man: Confessions of an All-Night Runner
In one of his most ambitious physical efforts to date, Dean Karnazes attempted to run 50 marathons, in 50 states, in 50 days to raise awareness of youth obesity and urge Americans of all fitness levels to take that next step.UltraMarathon Man: 50 Marathons - 50 States - 50 Days, a Journeyfilm documentary, follows Dean's incredible step-by-step journey across the country.Ultrarunning legend Dean Karnazes has run 262 miles-the equivalent of ten marathons-without rest. He has run over mountains, across Death Valley, and to the South Pole-and is probably the first person to eat an entire pizza while running. With an insight, candor, and humor rarely seen in sports memoirs (and written without the aid of a ghostwriter or cowriter), Ultramarathon Man has inspired tens of thousands of people-nonrunners and runners alike-to push themselves beyond their comfort zones and be reminded of what it feels like to be truly alive, says Sam Fussell, author of Muscle.Ultramarathon Man answers the questions Karnazes is continually asked:- Why do you do it?- How do you do it?- Are you insane?And in the new paperback edition, Karnazes answers the two questions he was most asked on his book tour:- What, exactly, do you eat?- How do you train to stay in such good shape?
      Reed
Hockey season may be over, but in New York Times bestselling author Sawyer Bennett's ew novel, a Carolina Cold Fury heartbreaker is heating things up off the ice and eager to score with the girl next door.No one skates like Reed Olson. In the off-season, no one plays like him either. After back-to-back championships, Reed craves a different kind of action. Good thing there's o shortage of women ready for a summer fling with a sports star. Reed has a specific type—blond, busty, not too bright—and a little black book full of options. But when his bed starts rocking, it's is unexpectedly sexy neighbor who comes knocking. And the brainy beauty is impossible to ignore.Josie Ives desperately needs something her celebrity neighbor obviously doesn t: sleep. His headboard banging against the wall is keeping her up at night—not to mention inspiring some very naughty dreams. Reed is everything she imagined: a little too good-looking, with a body that puts Greek gods to shame. But he's lso funny and charming—a tempting combination. Josie's he opposite of his type, yet the chemistry between them is undeniable. Their friendship certainly has its benefits, and it's eating up to be so much more.
      Winging It
Gabe Martin has a simple life plan: get into the NHL and win the Stanley Cup. It doesn t include being the first out hockey player or, worse, getting involved with one of his teammates. But things change.Dante Baltierra is Gabe's olar opposite—careless, reckless… shameless. But his dedication to the sport is impressive, and Gabe can overlook a lot of young-and-stupid in the name of great hockey. And Dante has a superlative ass in a sport filled with superlative asses.Before Gabe can figure out how to deal, a tabloid throws him out of his comfortable closet into a brand-new world. Amid the emotional turmoil of invasive questions, nasty speculation, and on- and off-ice homophobia, his game suffers. Surprisingly, it's ante who drags him out of it—and then drags him into something else. Nothing good can come of secretly sleeping with a teammate, especially one Gabe has feelings for. But with their captain out with an injury, a rookie in perpetual need of a hug, and the race to make the playoffs for the first time since 1995, Gabe has a lot on his plate. He can t be blamed for forgetting that nothing stays secret forever.
      Play
Yummy Football Romance USA TODAY Best-SellerWhen Killian MacGregor, the hottest quarterback in the Nfl, eyes the perfect pair of female legs, he spends an hour tracking the gorgeous woman in a room filled with rowdy teammates until one gets out of line.Rebecca Cavanaugh, a long distance runner for the state team, intimidates boys and men with her quick wit and majestic height. The pre-season jock party isn t her scene, but she's oped into attending to provide her sister a sober ride home.Hiding in the kitchen to avoid an athletic sex fest, a drunken football player forces Rebecca to her knees, and thrusts his crotch in her face. Before Rebecca can extricate herself from the demeaning situation, an unknown champion saves the night. When Killian assists Rebecca off the floor, she's tunned into silence while staring at the sexiest man alive.Will Killian's ad boy rep and Rebecca's eed for commitment, make this the most impossible Play  of the season? Or, will Killian's aunting past and need for victory destroy the most important game of his life?
      Wicked Game
Cass Pendleton and Jaime Dalton have been mortal enemies since the first day of kindergarten when Jaime pulled her hair and Cass knocked him flat on his ass.  Jaime is on the verge of superstardom in the Nfl; all that's issing is a Super Bowl ring and a personal assistant who can handle his business without handling his business.  Cass seems to be the best person for the job. She's mart, mouthy, dependable, pig-headed, loyal, and completely not his type. So why can t Jaime think of anything except Cass?  He knows one thing for dead certain. If the game doesn t kill him, sex with Cass Pendleton most definitely will. 
      Satchel: The Life and Times of an American Legend
This is the first biography of Satchel Paige, the premier pitcher of the Negro Leagues. This is the definitive biography of a black showman-athlete. The author interviewed more than 200 veteran fellow players of the Negro and Major Leagues.
      The Bromance Book Club
The first rule of book club: You don't talk about book club.Nashville Legends second baseman Gavin Scott's marriage is in major league trouble. He's ecently discovered a humiliating secret: his wife Thea has always faked the Big O. When he loses his cool at the revelation, it's he final straw on their already strained relationship. Thea asks for a divorce, and Gavin realizes he's et his pride and fear get the better of him. Welcome to the Bromance Book Club.Distraught and desperate, Gavin finds help from an unlikely source: a secret romance book club made up of Nashville's top alpha men. With the help of their current read, a steamy Regency titled Courting the Countess, the guys coach Gavin on saving his marriage. But it'll take a lot more than flowery words and grand gestures for this hapless Romeo to find his inner hero and win back the trust of his wife.
      Endure: Mind, Body, and the Curiously Elastic Limits of Human Performance
From the National Magazine Award-winning Runner's orld columnist, frequent New Yorker online contributor, and Cambridge-trained physicist: a fascinating and definitive exploration of the extraordinary science of human endurance and the secrets of human performance, for fans of The Sports Gene, Born to Run, and Grit.From running a two-hour marathon to summiting Mount Everest, we re fascinated by the extremes of human endurance, constantly testing both our physical and psychological limits.How high or far or fast can humans go? And what about individual potential: what defines a person's imits?For years, physiology determined the answer: heart size, lung capacity, and muscle strength. But over the past decade, a wave of dramatic findings in the cutting-edge science of endurance has completely overturned our understanding of human limitation. Endure widely disseminates these findings for the first time: It's he brain that dictates how far we can go—which means we can always push ourselves further.Hutchinson presents an overview of science's earch for understanding human fatigue, from crude experiments with electricity and frogs  legs to sophisticated brain imaging technology. Going beyond the traditional mechanical view of human limits (like a car with a brick on its gas pedal, we go until the tank runs out of gas), he instead argues that a key element in endurance is how the brain responds to distress signals—whether heat, or cold, or muscles screaming with lactic acid—and reveals that we can train to improve brain response.An elite distance runner himself, Hutchinson takes us to the forefront of the new sports psychology—brain electrode jolts, computer-based training, subliminal messaging—and presents startling new discoveries enhancing the performance of athletes today and shows how anyone can utilize these tactics to bolster their own performance—and get the most out of their bodies.
      Played
She's been playing it close...Ara Martin and college football star Ty Masters have been best friends since the first day of school when Ty literally ran her over. She fell for him immediately, but having lived under the shadow of her famous father, she knows a relationship with irresistible Ty would only end in heartbreak. For four years, she's ept her feelings hidden. But one drunken encounter weeks before graduation is about to expose Ara's iggest secret and destroy her most treasured relationship. He's een playing for keeps…Ty is about to be drafted into the Nfl, but his personal life is a mess. He's ot an agent he doesn t like, a brother who can t stop offering his opinion, and a beautiful woman he craves but can t have. He can fire his agent and ignore his brother, but he's ot sure what to do about Ara. Ty's een able to run down every quarterback he's aced, but his sexy, stubborn best friend keeps slipping through his fingers.Luckily, he's not one for giving up, and once he gets his hands on her, he's never letting go.
      Playing for Keeps
Rule One: No Drama!Fergus Taylor is damaged goods. Reeling from a brutal breakup, he's etermined to captain his LGBT soccer team out of scandal and into a winning season. For that, he needs strict rules and careful plans. He does NOT need a brash, muscle-bound lad messing with his head and setting his body afire.John Burns has a rule of his own: Don t get attached. Boyfriends are for guys with nothing to hide. Nobody—not his university mates, not the men he beds—knows his family's hame. Now his double life is starting to unravel, thanks to a certain Highlander whose storm-riddled eyes turn John inside out, who wears a kilt like he was born in it.Fergus is the first man John wants to share his secret with—but he's he last man who could handle it. John knows the truth would shatter Fergus's till-fragile heart. But how can he live a lie when he's alling in love?
      Whale Talk
There's bad news and good news about the Cutter High School swim team. The bad news is that they don't have a pool. The good news is that only one of them can swim anyway. A group of misfits brought together by T. J. Jones (the J is redundant), the Cutter All Night Mermen struggle to find their places in a school that has no place for them. T.J. is convinced that a varsity letter jacket exclusive, revered, the symbol (as far as T.J. is concerned) of all that is screwed up at Cutter High will also be an effective tool. He's right. He's also wrong. Still, it's always the quest that counts. And the bus on which the Mermen travel to swim meets soon becomes the space where they gradually allow themselves to talk, to fit, to grow. Together they'll fight for dignity in a world where tragedy and comedy dance side by side, where a moment's inattention can bring lifelong heartache, and where true acceptance is the only prescription for what ails us.
      Falling for the Backup
After serving as a dutiful bridesmaid in the wedding from hell, Aynslee Shaw just wants to slink home to Nashville and forget the whole trip. That is, until the hottest guy she's ver seen is seated next to her on the flight and dazzles her with his easy laugh and killer smile. But just when she thinks things are getting good, he vanishes, leaving Aynslee wondering, was that guy the one? And did she just let him slip through her fingers? Former superstar goalie Jordan Ryan is back on the ice—finally. After a crippling knee injury that had him wondering if he d ever play pro hockey again, he's ot his full attention on rebuilding his career. So a pretty—okay, beautiful—girl on a plane shouldn t be a distraction. But Jordan is very, very distracted. And when Aynslee crosses his path again, he's ot sure any job in the world is worth missing his second chance with a woman like her. Includes a special message from the editor, as well as an excerpt from the Loveswept title Empty Net.
      Winger
Ryan Dean West is a fourteen-year-old junior at a boarding school for rich kids in the Pacific Northwest. He's iving in Opportunity Hall, the dorm for troublemakers, and rooming with the biggest bully on the rugby team. And he's adly in love with his best friend Annie, who thinks of him as a little boy.With the help of his sense of humor, rugby buddies, and his penchant for doodling comics, Ryan Dean manages to survive life's omplications and even find some happiness along the way. But when the unthinkable happens, he has to figure out how to hold on to what's mportant, even when it feels like everything has fallen apart.Filled with hand-drawn info-graphics and illustrations and told in a pitch-perfect voice, this realistic depiction of a teen's xperience strikes an exceptional balance of hilarious and heartbreaking.
      Heart in Hand
Hockey RPFDarryl had realized very early on that for better or worse, he would be linked to Aleksey Kuznetsov for the rest of his life. But he never expected anything like this.Words: 130,383 - CompleteN.B. Two versions available: the public version with fictionalized names, and a private version only available to registered users of AO3.
      Dream a Little Dream
A Desperate Young MotherRachel Stone's bad luck has taken a turn for the worse. With an empty wallet, a car's that's spilling smoke, and a five-year-old son to support, she's come home to a town that hates her. But this determined young widow with a scandalous past has learned how to be a fighter. And she'll do anything to keep her child safe—even take on. . .A man With No HeartGabe Bonner wants to be left alone, especially by the beautiful outcast who's invaded his property. She has a ton of attitude, a talent for trouble, and a child who brings back bad memories. Yet Rachel's feisty spirit might just be heaven-sent to save a tough, stubborn man.Dare To DreamWelcome to Salvation, North Carolina—where a man who's forgotten what tenderness means meets a woman with nothing to lose. here two endearing lovers will set off on a funny, touching journey of the heart. . .to a place where dreams just might come true.
      The Summer Game
The Summer Game, Roger Angell's irst book on the sport, changed baseball writing forever. Thoughtful, funny, appreciative of the elegance of the game and the passions invested by players and fans, it goes beyond the usual sports reporter's eat to examine baseball's omplex place in our American psyche. Between the miseries of the 1962 expansion Mets and a classic 1971 World Series between the Pirates and the Orioles, Angell finds baseball in the 1960s as a game in transition—marked by league expansion, uprooted franchises, the growing hegemony of television, the dominance of pitchers, uneasy relations between players and owners, and mounting competition from other sports for the fans  dollars.Willie Mays, Roberto Clemente, Brooks Robinson, Bob Gibson, Sandy Koufax, Carl Yastrzemski, Tom Seaver, Jim Palmer, and Casey Stengel are seen here with fresh clarity and pleasure. Here is California baseball in full flower, the once-mighty Yankees in collapse, baseball in French (in Montreal), indoor baseball (at the Astrodome), and sweet spring baseball (in florida)—as Angell observes, Always, it seems, there is something more to be discovered about this game. 
      The Miracle of Castel di Sangro: A Tale of Passion and Folly in the Heart of Italy
Master storyteller Joe McGinniss travels to Italy to cover the unlikely success of a ragtag minor league soccer team--and delivers a brilliant and utterly unforgettable story of life in an off-the-beaten-track Italian village.When Joe McGinniss sets out for the remote Italian village of Castel di Sangro one summer, he merely intends to spend a season with the village's soccer team, which only weeks before had, miraculously, reached the second-highest-ranking professional league in the land. But soon he finds himself embroiled with an absurd yet irresistible cast of characters, including the team's owner, described by the New York Times as straight out of a Mario Puzo novel, and coach Osvaldo Jaconi, whose only English word is the one he uses to describe himself: bulldozer.  As the riotous, edge-of-your-seat season unfolds, McGinniss develops a deepening bond with the team, their village and its people, and their country. Traveling with the miracle team, from the isolated mountain region where Castel di Sangro is located to gritty towns as well as grand cities, McGinniss introduces us to an Italy that no tourist guidebook has ever described, and comes away with a sad, funny, desolating, and inspiring story--everything, in fact, a story should be (Los Angeles Times).
      Brilliant Orange: The Neurotic Genius of Football
The Netherlands has one of the World's most distinctive and sophisticated football cultures. From the birth of Total Football in the sixties, through two decades of World Cup near misses to the exiles who remade clubs like AC Milan, Barcelona, Arsenal and Chelsea in their own image, the Dutch have often been dazzlingly original and influential. The elements of their style (exquisite skills, adventurous attacking tactics, a unique blend of individual creativity and teamwork, weird patterns of self-destruction) reflect and embody the country's culture and history.
      Smart Baseball: The Story Behind the Old Stats That Are Ruining the Game, the New Ones That Are Running It, and the Right Way to Think About Baseball
Predictably Irrational meets Moneyball in ESPN veteran writer and statistical analyst Keith Law's conoclastic look at the numbers game of baseball, proving why some of the most trusted stats are surprisingly wrong, explaining what numbers actually work, and exploring what the rise of Big Data means for the future of the sport.For decades, statistics such as batting average, saves recorded, and pitching won-lost records have been used to measure individual players  and teams  potential and success. But in the past fifteen years, a revolutionary new standard of measurement—sabermetrics—has been embraced by front offices in Major League Baseball and among fantasy baseball enthusiasts. But while sabermetrics is recognized as being smarter and more accurate, traditionalists, including journalists, fans, and managers, stubbornly believe that the old way—a combination of outdated numbers and gut instinct—is still the best way. Baseball, they argue, should be run by people, not by numbers.?In this informative and provocative book, teh renowned ESPN analyst and senior baseball writer demolishes a century's orth of accepted wisdom, making the definitive case against the long-established view. Armed with concrete examples from different eras of baseball history, logic, a little math, and lively commentary, he shows how the allegiance to these numbers—dating back to the beginning of the professional game—is firmly rooted not in accuracy or success, but in baseball's rrational adherence to tradition.While Law gores sacred cows, from clutch performers to RBIs to the infamous save rule, he also demystifies sabermetrics, explaining what these new numbers really are and why they re vital. He also considers the game's uture, examining how teams are using Data—from PhDs to sophisticated statistical databases—to build future rosters; changes that will transform baseball and all of professional sports.
      Breathe, Annie, Breathe
From the bestselling author of Catching Jordan comes a contemporary YA you won't forget.The finish line is only the beginning.…Annie hates running. No matter how far she jogs, she can't escape the guilt that if she hadn't broken up with Kyle, he might still be alive. So to honor his memory, she starts preparing for the marathon he intended to race.But the training is even more grueling than Annie could have imagined. Despite her coaching, she's at war with her body, her mind-and her heart. With every mile that athletic Jeremiah cheers her on, she grows more conflicted. She wants to run into his arms...and sprint in the opposite direction. For Annie, opening up to love again may be even more of a challenge than crossing the finish line.
      Game For Love
Millions of readers around the world have fallen in love with Bella Andre's motional, fun and sexy contemporary romances!BOOK DESCRIPTION:In a relationship built on lies...the only truth is their feelings for each other. To fulfill his grandmother's dying wish, linebacker Cole Taylor must find – and marry – a good girl. First grade teacher Anna Davis fits the bill perfectly. Their deal is simple: If she'll be his temporary wife, he'll give her more pleasure than she ever imagined was possible. Only, love is the ultimate game-changer.Don t miss Bella's ther bestselling romances…THE SULLIVANS:The Look of LoveFrom This Moment OnCan't Help Falling In LoveI Only Have Eyes For YouIf You Were MineLet Me Be The OneCome A Little Bit CloserAlways On My MindKissing Under The MistletoeOne Perfect NightThe Way You Look TonightIt Must Be Your LoveJust To Be With YouI Love How You Love MeAll I Ever Need Is YouNow That I've Found YouSince I Fell For You ~ Coming Soon!THE MAVERICK BILLIONAIRES:Breathless In LoveReckless In LoveFearless In LoveTHE MORRISONS:Kiss Me Like ThisTempt Me Like ThisLove Me Like This ~ Coming Soon!AUTHOR BIOGRAPHY:Bella Andre's New York Times and USA Today bestselling novels have been #1 bestsellers around the world and she has sold more than 5 million books so far! Known for sensual, empowered stories enveloped in heady romance (Publishers Weekly), her books have been Cosmopolitan Magazine Red Hot Reads twice and have been translated into ten languages. She also writes sweet contemporary romances as Lucy Kevin. There are more than 50,000 5 star reviews for Bella Andre's books on Goodreads!
      The Last Shot: City Streets, Basketball Dreams
It ought to be just a game, but basketball on the playgrounds of Coney Island is much more than that — for many young men it represents their only hope of escape from a life of crime, poverty, and despair. In The Last Shot, Darcy Frey chronicles the aspirations of four of the neighborhood's ost promising players. What they have going for them is athletic talent, grace, and years of dedication. But working against them are woefully inadequate schooling, family circumstances that are often desperate, and the slick, brutal world of college athletic recruitment. Incisively and compassionately written, The Last Shot introduces us to unforgettable characters and takes us into their world with an intimacy seldom seen in contemporary journalism. The result is a startling and poignant expose of inner-city life and the big business of college basketball.
      Boys Among Men: How the Prep-to-Pro Generation Redefined the NBA and Sparked a Basketball Revolution
The definitive, never-before-told story of the prep-to-pro generation, those basketball prodigies who from 1995 to 2005 made the jump directly from high school to the NBA.   When Kevin Garnett shocked the world by announcing that he would not be attending college—as young basketball prodigies were expected to do—but instead enter the 1995 NBA draft directly from high school, he blazed a trail for a generation of teenage basketball players to head straight for the pros. That trend would continue until the NBA instituted an age limit in 2005, requiring all players to attend college or another developmental program for at least one year.   Over that decade-plus period, the list of players who made that difficult leap includes some of the most celebrated players of the modern era—Garnett, Kobe Bryant, LeBron James, Dwight Howard, Tracy McGrady, and numerous other stars. It also includes notable busts  who either physically or mentally proved unable to handle the transition. But for better or for worse, the face of the NBA was forever changed by the prep-to-pro generation. In compelling, masterfully crafted prose, Boys Among Men goes behind the scenes and draws on hundreds of firsthand interviews to paint insightful and engaging portraits of the most pivotal figures and events during this time. Award-winning basketball writer Jonathan Abrams has obtained remarkable access to the key players, coaches, and other movers and shakers from that time, and the result is a book packed with rare insights and never-before-published details about this chapter in NBA history. Boys Among Men is a thrilling, informative, must-read for any basketball fan.
      Rock Hard
In New York Times Bestselling author Nalini Singh's ewest contemporary romance, passion ignites between a gorgeous, sinfully sexy man who built himself up from nothing and a shy woman who has a terrible secret in her past…Wealthy businessman Gabriel Bishop rules the boardroom with the same determination and ruthlessness that made him a rock star on the rugby field. He knows what he wants, and he ll go after it no-holds-barred.And what he wants is Charlotte Baird.Charlotte knows she's  mouse. Emotionally scarred and painfully shy, she just wants to do her job and remain as invisible as possible. But the new CEO—a brilliant, broad-shouldered T-Rex of a man who growls and storms through the office, leaving carnage in his wake—clearly has other plans. Plans that may be equal parts business and bedroom.If Charlotte intends to survive this battle of wits and hearts, the mouse will have to learn to wrangle the T-Rex. Game on.
      Million-Dollar Throw
#1 New York Times bestseller Mike Lupica asks the question: If a million dollars was at stake, could you make the throw?  Nate Brodie is nicknamed Brady  not only for his arm, but also because he's he biggest Tom Brady fan. He's ven saved up to buy an autographed football. And when he does, he wins the chance for something he's ever dreamed of—to throw a pass through a target at a Patriots game for one million dollars.Nate should be excited. But things have been tough lately. His dad lost his job and his family is losing their home. It's o secret that a million dollars would go a long way. So all Nate feels is pressure, and just when he needs it most, his golden arm begins to fail him. Even worse, his best friend Abby is going blind, slowly losing her ability to do the one thing she loves most—paint. Yet Abby never complains, and she is Nate's nspiration. He knows she ll be there when he makes the throw of a lifetime.Mike Lupica's atest sports novel is also his most heartwarming. Lupica's football action engages, and his delineation of the athlete's thought process and emotional highs and lows of competition feels visceral and real.  –Kirkus Reviews Lupica explores the themes of believing in yourself and handling pressure. Teens who love sports fiction . . . will find this book a rapid, enjoyable read.  –VOYA    Lupica injects plenty of suspenseful sports action into the plot and creates a cast of uniformly likable characters whose faith in teamwork and in each other ultimately earns handsome rewards for all. A natural for graduates of Matt Christopher's sports stories.  –Booklist   
      Gym Candy
Look, Mick,  he said, you re going to find out from somebody in the gym, so you might as well find out from me. Those supplements you re taking? They might get you a little bigger, but just a little. If you re after serious results, there's ther stuff that produces better results much faster, stuff that a lot of guys in the gym use.  What other stuff?  You know what I m talking about—gym candy. Runningback Mick Johnson has dreams: dreams of cutting back, finding the hole, breaking into the open, and running free with nothing but green grass ahead. He has dreams of winning and of being the best. But football is a cruel sport. It requires power, grace, speed, quickness, and knowledge of the game. It takes luck, too. One crazy bounce can turn a likely victory into sudden defeat. What elite athlete wouldn t look for an edge? A way to make him bigger, stronger, faster?This novel explores the dark corners of the heart of a young football player as he struggles for success under the always glaring—and often unforgiving—stadium lights.
      Seven Seconds or Less: My Season on the Bench with the Runnin' and Gunnin' Phoenix Suns
In Seven Seconds or Less, Sports Illustrated's chief NBA writer, Jack McCallum, gets in the paint with the Phoenix Suns and takes a season-long look at the NBA's most exciting and controversial team.A few weeks before the 2005-2006 NBA training camps began, Jack McCallum called the Phoenix Suns ace director of public relations to propose a story idea for Sports Illustrated, He would spend the preseason with the team as an assistant coach and then write a story about his experiences. He was quickly granted access, and while his role as assistant coach lasted only through the preseason, McCallum stayed on with the team throughout their amazing 2005-2006 season. McCallum was looking for real inside access and he certainly got it. He spent the season in the locker room and in the coaches' meetings, learning what makes this wildly popular, innovative, and international assemblage of talented players and brilliant coaches tick.For years, NBA basketball was marked by a plodding, dull-as-dishwater style of play -- that was until coach Mike D'Antoni, point guard Steve Nash, and the high-flying Phoenix Suns set the league on fire with their old-school, run-and-gun approach to offense. Along the way they won back legions of disillusioned fans and demonstrated the virtues of team play to a league preoccupied with one-on-one theatrics.In Seven Seconds or Less, McCallum describes his year trying to keep up with the fast-breaking Suns on and off the court. He takes readers inside the heads of Nash, the team's mercurial floor general; the maverick D'Antoni; and dozens of others who make up the close-knit Suns family. On the court, there's excitement as the Suns overcome a rash ofinjuries to once again battle for a conference title. Off the court, controversy rages as the team endures a major front-office change in midseason. Throughout it all, the team continues to bedevil opponents and challenge the status quo with their throwback style.In the spirit of Buzz Bissinger's Three Nights in August and John Feinstein's A Season on the Brink, Seven Seconds or Less is an in-depth look at one of the greatest shows in sports.
      The Dare
College was supposed to be my chance to get over my ugly-duckling complex and spread my wings. Instead, I wound up in a sorority full of mean girls. I already have a hard time fitting in, so when my Kappa Chi sisters issue the challenge, I can t say no.The dare: seduce the hottest new hockey player in the junior class.Conor Edwards is a regular at Greek Row parties…and in Greek Row sorority beds. He's he one you fall for before you learn that guys like him don t give girls like me a second glance. Except Mr. Popular throws me for a loop—rather than laughing in my face, he does me a solid by letting me take him upstairs to pretend we re getting busy. Even crazier, now he wants to keep pretending. Turns out Conor loves games, and he thinks it's un to pull the wool over my frenemies  eyes. But resisting his easy charm and surfer-boy hotness is darn near impossible. Though I m realizing there's uch more to Conor's tory than his fan club can see.And the longer this silly ruse goes on, the greater the danger of it all blowing up in my face.
      Not My Romeo
Wall Street Journal bestselling author Ilsa Madden-Mills delivers a smart and sexy contemporary romance about a smoking-hot professional football player and the small-town girl he can t resist.We start off with a lie on Valentine's ay.My blind date isn t the studious guy I expected: he's  drop-dead gorgeous player with sinful amber eyes. Somehow we end up at his penthouse. I blame the gin and tonic.The next day I learn he's ack Hawke—bad-boy professional quarterback with a murky past. The NDA he has me sign should be a warning that he isn t a regular person. Please. I sign it Juliet Capulet, so goodbye, famous football player with abs of steel, and good luck tracking down this small-town librarian.But Jack keeps showing up in places I least expect him. Just when I m sure he's one, he waltzes into my community theater and wins the part of Romeo to my Juliet. How's  plain, mostly innocent girl like me supposed to resist a man like him?Is Jack my real Romeo… or will this gorgeous football player only break my heart?
      Epic
 They're back! Epic is a novella about your favorite hockey duo!  Jamie and Wes are having a blast living and working in Toronto. Until a scout for another team swoops in to make one of them an offer that might complicate the life they've built together.Previously published in Christmas in the City
      The Dugout
Let me ask you a question:  If someone is vying for your spot on a team and just so happens to injure you during practice, would you believe it was on purpose? Word around campus is . . . it was no accident. That injury has cost me everything; my starting position, my junior year—and the draft. Now, I m a senior fresh off recovery, struggling to find my groove, until the day I run into a nervous, fidgety, girl with freckles, in the dining hall.  They call Milly Potter The Baseball Whisperer, The Diamond Wizard, and The Epitome of All Knowledge. She believes in baseball. She breathes it. She's he queen of an infamous dynasty, but no one actually knows who she really is, and she plans to keep it that way.  One mishap in the panini line, one miscommunication in the weight room, and many failed attempts at an apology equal up to one solid truth -- Milly Potter never wants to speak to me again -- no matter how good my forearms look. Little do we both know, she's bout to become more than just my fairy ballmother.
      On the Surface
NHL player Tim Hollander lost his temper one time and threw a water bottle at an abusive fan. After Bottlegate, he's traded to the San Diego Barracudas, where he'll need to keep the bad publicity to a minimum while proving he can still compete with the younger guys on the ice.Erin Collier is a pediatric nurse who's never seen a hockey game, but gets in line for Tim's autograph at a PR event in hopes of impressing the doctor she has a crush on. When an obnoxious fan gets pushy toward Erin, Tim rushes to defend the pretty stranger, throwing a punch in the process.Grateful for the rescue, Erin agrees to stand by Tim during the resulting press conference and host him at a hospital charity event. Their chemistry is palpable, and soon their lives are intertwined. But Erin doubts a hockey player is capable of anything resembling a real relationship. And if Tim can't get her to see beyond what's on the surface, they'll never last longer than a single season…
      Game for Marriage
A sexy category romance from Entangled's Brazen imprint...He's oing in deep to make her his…Struggling artist Sheridan Harper never imagined she d spend a sizzling night with Jared Quinn, the smoking-hot star quarterback of her local professional football team, the San Jose Hawks. And she's ven more shocked when Jared's ublicist offers her a proposition: a fake marriage to keep Jared out of the gossip mags. Being that close to Jared would be too tempting, so to protect her heart, she insists on secretly including a clause forbidding sex between them.Jared just wants to keep his starting QB job and keep it in San Jose. His reputation as a ladies  man has landed him in the headlines one too many times, but there's omething about his kind, passionate new wife that tempts him beyond reason. Any sort of intimacy between them is completely forbidden, but as their bodies fall in deep, will their hearts follow suit?
      Front and Center
After five months of sheer absolute craziness I was going back to being plain old background D.J. In photographs of course I m always in the background... But it turns out other folks have big plans for D.J. Like her coach. College scouts. All the town hoops fans. A certain Red Bend High School junior who's een for romance and karaoke. Not to mention Brian Nelson, who she should not be thinking about! Who she is done with, thank you very much. But who keeps showing up anyway... Readers first fell in love with straight-talking D.J. Schwenk in Dairy Queen; they followed her ups and downs both on and off the court in The Off Season. Now D.J. steps out from behind the free-throw line in this third installment of the Dairy Queen series.
      Game for Seduction
The daughter of a powerful sports agent, Melissa McKnight has harbored lust-filled fantasies for Dominic DiMarco ever since she was an awkward teenager, when the San Francisco Outlaws' gorgeous wide receiver became her father's superstar client. Now Melissa's a beautiful, tenacious associate in her father's firm, and being around to-die-for hard-bodies is all in a day's work...until tangling with Dominic at a photo shoot blindsides her with passion.  Dominic has built a flawless career by being in control -- on and off the field. And despite his intense desire for Melissa, he's not about to seduce his agent's daughter -- until Melissa stages a power play to break free from her domineering father and winds up at an edgy bar on the wrong side of town. Dominic thinks he's rescuing the innocent Melissa he met years ago...but one night of sizzling passion reveals a woman with no limits -- including a penchant for hot sex in public places. If anyone's breaking all the rules of seduction, it's sexy, irresistible Melissa.  But Dominic has a secret from years ago -- one that could ruin his sterling reputation and take Melissa along with him. Will his bad-boy past bind them closer together? Or will they crash and burn?
      Superhero
It's ot easy for a young gay artist like Jordan Carson to grow up in Jefferson, Wisconsin, where all anyone seems to care about in middle school and high school are the sports teams. But Jordan was lucky. He met Owen Nelson in the second grade, and they ve been BFFs ever since. Owen is a big, beautiful blond and their school's hampion wrestler. No one messes with Owen, or with anyone close to him, and he bucks popular opinion by keeping Jordan as his wingman even after Jordan comes out at school.Their friendship survives, but Jordan's orst enemy may be himself: he can t seem to help the fact that he is head-over-heels in love with a hopeless case—his straight friend, Owen. Owen won t let anything take Jordan's riendship away, but he never counted on Jordan running off to find a life of his own. Owen will have to face the nature of their relationship if he's o win Jordan back.
      Willie Mays: The Life, the Legend
On February 18th, 2010 Mr. Mays signed 100 copies for his Charity, The Say Hey Foundation. The signing took place at a local sporting goods store. You will receive the retail store receipt, copies of 2 newspaper articles announcing the signing and The Letter of Evaluation.
      Coach's Challenge
It's een decades since blackmail forced Troy Callahan to retire from playing professional hockey, and he's uilt a successful career behind the bench. When he's ffered the opportunity to coach the Asheville Ravens—the most hated team in the ECHL—he's onvinced that his no-nonsense attitude is just what the team needs to put their focus back on hockey. But Troy is disheartened when he finds out the Ravens have signed Shane North, a player known for his aggression—especially when Shane's ough good looks have Troy thinking inappropriate thoughts about a player, even if he's et to retire at the end of the season.Shane's areer in the majors never quite took off. Wanting to quit on his own terms, Shane agrees to a one-year contract with the Ravens and finds himself playing for a coach who thinks he's n aging goon, and with a team that doesn t trust him, Troy, or each other. Despite his determination not to get involved, Shane unwillingly becomes part of the team… and is just as unwillingly drawn to the gruff, out-and-proud coach. As the Ravens struggle to build a new identity, Shane and Troy succumb to the passion that might cost them everything.
      Fence, Vol. 3
Combines Issues #9-12.Scrappy fencer Nicholas Cox comes to the end of his path to prove himself worthy of a father he never knew in the face of surly upperclassmen, nearly impossible odds, and the talent of his rival, sullen fencing prodigy, Seiji Katayama.Sparks fly white-hot on the pitch as Nicholas and Seiji finally face off once again in the halls of King's ow. It's  match that will change King's ow (and both of them!) forever, and set the stage as the team journeys to face their bitter rivals and prove themselves once and for all.  The third volume of the breakneck series from writer C.S. Pacat (The Captive Prince) and fan-favorite artist Johanna the Mad comes at you as fast as a parry and hits as hard as a strike.
      Intercepted
Marlee thought she scored the man of her dreams only to be scorched by a bad breakup. But there's a new player on the horizon, and he's in a league of his own...Marlee Harper is the perfect girlfriend. She's definitely had enough practice by dating her Nfl-star boyfriend for the last ten years. But when she discovers he has been tackling other women on the sly, she vows to never date an athlete again. There's just one problem: Gavin Pope, the new hotshot quarterback and a fling from the past, has Marlee in his sights.Gavin fights to show Marlee he's nothing like her ex. Unfortunately, not everyone is ready to let her escape her past. The team's wives, who never led the welcome wagon, are not happy with Marlee's return. They have only one thing on their minds: taking her down. But when the gossip makes Marlee public enemy number one, she worries about more than just her reputation.Between their own fumbles and the wicked wives, it will take a Hail Mary for Marlee and Gavin's relationship to survive the season.
      Fantasyland: True Tales from America's Most Compulsive Fantasy Baseball League
Every spring, millions of Americans prepare to take part in one of the oddest, most obsessive, and most engrossing rituals in the sports pantheon: Rotisserie baseball, a fantasy game where armchair fans match wits by building their own teams. In 2004, Sam Walker, a sports columnist for the Wall Street Journal, decided to explore this phenomenon by talking his way into Tout Wars, a league reserved for the nation's op experts. The result is one of the most sheerly entertaining sports books in years and a matchless look into the heart and soul of our national pastime.
      The Bombshell Effect
Allie Sutton just got a new job.  Not one she wants, and definitely not one she's prepared for. She hadn't seen her dad in years, so the last thing she expects upon his sudden death is to inherit the thing he loved more than anything (or anyone) ... the professional football team he owned for the last twenty years.  Luke Pierson does not want a new boss.  What he wants is to be a good father to his daughter, the best quarterback possible for his teammates. What he doesn't need is a blonde bombshell ruining the team's chances at another championship. Especially when that bombshell turns out to be his new neighbor. The neighbor he was a complete jerk to the first time they met.  For the sake of the team, they treat each other like complete professionals. In public, at least. Behind closed doors, it's a different story. And the fallout of giving in to that heat is something neither one of them can see coming.
      A Secret for a Secret
From New York Times bestselling author Helena Hunting comes a new romance about trading secrets, breaking the rules, and playing for keeps.My name is Ryan Kingston, and I m a rule follower. I ve never been in a fistfight. I always obey the speed limit. I don t get drunk, and I definitely don t pick up random women at bars.Except the night I found out that my whole existence has been a lie.I got drunk. And picked up a stranger.Her name was Queenie, and she was everything I m not: reckless, impulsive, and chaotic. We did shots and traded secrets. And ended up naked at my place.She left me a thank-you note in the morning and her panties as a parting gift. But no way to contact her.Six weeks later I m sitting in the first official team meeting of the season, and there she is. I neglected to mention that I m the goalie for Seattle's HL team.And Queenie? Turns out she's he general manager's aughter.
      Hate to Love You
Rule #1: No hot guys.It might sound ridiculous. I get it. It kind of is, but college was supposed to be my sanctuary. It was my place to start over. The rumors, the whispers, and the jealousy I endured through high school would all be gone.No one would know me at college.Rule #2: No drama.I d major in pre-law. I d make a few loyal friends. Everything would be easy breezy. No one was going to use me or hurt me. I wouldn t let them. Rule #3: New year. New place. New me.Right?Wrong.And all because of Shay Coleman.Football captain and quarterback, he was the big guy on campus. The cocky guy in my political science class with a smirk. I hated him on sight . . .. . . and he was about to break all my rules.
      Undefeated: Jim Thorpe and the Carlisle Indian School Football Team
Jim Thorpe: super athlete, Olympic gold medalist, Native American.Pop Warner: indomitable coach, football mastermind, Ivy League grad.Before these men became legends, they met in 1907 at the Carlisle Indian School in Pennsylvania, where they forged one of the winningest teams in the history of America's avorite sport. Called the team that invented football,  Carlisle's nnovative squad challenged the greatest, most elite teams—Harvard, Yale, Army—audaciously vowing to take their place among the nation's ootball powers.This is an astonishing underdog sports story—and more. It's n unflinching look at the U.S. government's iolent persecution of Native Americans and the school that was designed to erase Indian cultures. It's he story of a group of young men who came together at that school, the overwhelming obstacles they faced both on and off the field, and their absolute refusal to accept defeat.
      The Cubs Way: The Zen of Building the Best Team in Baseball and Breaking the Curse
With inside access and reporting,  Sports Illustrated senior baseball writer and FOX Sports analyst Tom Verducci reveals how Theo Epstein and Joe Maddon built, led, and inspired the Chicago Cubs team that broke the longest championship drought in sports, chronicling their epic journey to become World Series champions. It took 108 years, but it really happened. The Chicago Cubs are once again World Series champions.  How did a team composed of unknown, young players and supposedly washed-up veterans come together to break the Curse of the Billy Goat? Tom Verducci, twice named National Sportswriter of the Year and co-writer of The Yankee Years with Joe Torre, will have full access to team president Theo Epstein, manager Joe Maddon, and the players to tell the story of the Cubs' transformation from perennial underachievers to the best team in baseball.  Beginning with Epstein's first year with the team in 2011, Verducci will show how Epstein went beyond Moneyball thinking to turn around the franchise. Leading the organization with a manual called The Cubs Way, he focused on the mental side of the game as much as the physical, emphasizing chemistry as well as statistics.  To accomplish his goal, Epstein needed manager Joe Maddon, an eccentric innovator, as his counterweight on the Cubs' bench. A man who encourages themed road trips and late-arrival game days to loosen up his team, Maddon mixed New Age thinking with Old School leadership to help his players find their edge. The Cubs Way takes readers behind the scenes, chronicling how key players like Rizzo, Russell, Lester, and Arrieta were deftly brought into the organization by Epstein and coached by Maddon to outperform expectations. Together, Epstein and Maddon proved that clubhouse culture is as important as on-base-percentage, and that intangible components like personality, vibe, and positive energy are necessary for a team to perform to their fullest potential.  Verducci chronicles the playoff run that culminated in an instant classic Game Seven. He takes a broader look at the history of baseball in Chicago and the almost supernatural element to the team's repeated loses that kept fans suffering, but also served to strengthen their loyalty. The Cubs Way is a celebration of an iconic team and its journey to a World Championship that fans and readers will cherish for years to come.
      Stroked
Reese King: Olympic medalist, underwear model, Greek god.His body is chiseled from rock, sculpted by the weight room, and refined by water.On a daily basis his skin is completely bare for everyone to see, tan and defined, only covered up by a minuscule piece of spandex. There is no denying his sex appeal.I hate to admit it, but I m head over heels infatuated with him.There is one HUGE problem though. His achingly gorgeous abs, inked up arm, and cocky swagger belong to my boss, the high-profile, reality star bitch from hell and certified heinous human being, Bellini Chambers.What I think is going to be an easy job assisting a glorified wench turns into a cluster f*ck of epic proportions.
      Don't Put Me In, Coach: My Incredible NCAA Journey from the End of the Bench to the End of the Bench
An irreverent, hilarious insider's look at big-time NCAA basketball, through the eyes of the nation's most famous benchwarmer and author of the popular blog ClubTrillion.com (3.6m visits!). Mark Titus holds the Ohio State record for career wins, and made it to the 2007 national championship game. You would think Titus would be all over the highlight reels. You'd be wrong.   In 2006, Mark Titus arrived on Ohio State's campus as a former high school basketball player who aspired to be an orthopedic surgeon. Somehow, he was added to the elite Buckeye basketball team, given a scholarship, and played alongside seven future NBA players on his way to setting the record for most individual career wins in Ohio State history. Think that's impressive? In four years, he scored a grand total of nine—yes, nine—points. This book will give readers an uncensored and uproarious look inside an elite NCAA basketball program from Titus's unique perspective. In his four years at the end of the bench, Mark founded his wildly popular blog Club Trillion, became a hero to all guys picked last, and even got scouted by the Harlem Globetrotters. Mark Titus is not your average basketball star. This is a wild and completely true story of the most unlikely career in college basketball. A must-read for all fans of March Madness and college sports!From the Hardcover edition.
      The Ball is Round: A Global History of Soccer
The definitive book about soccer. With a new foreword for the American edition.  There may be no cultural practice more global than soccer. Rites of birth and marriage are infinitely diverse, but the rules of soccer are universal. No world religion can match its geographical scope. The single greatest simultaneous human collective experience is the World Cup final.  In this extraordinary tour de force, David Goldblatt tells the full story of soccer's rise from chaotic folk ritual to the world's most popular sport-now poised to fully establish itself in the USA. Already celebrated internationally, The Ball Is Round illuminates soccer's role in the political and social histories of modern societies, but never loses sight of the beauty, joy, and excitement of the game itself.
      Bountiful
No last names. No life stories. Those were the rules. Now a USA Today bestseller!Once upon a time a cocky, copper-haired tourist sauntered into Zara's ar. And even though she knew better, Zara indulged in a cure for the small-town blues. It was supposed to be an uncomplicated fling—a few sizzling weeks before he went back to his life, and she moved on. Until an accidental pregnancy changed her life. Two years later, she's ade peace with the notion that Dave From Brooklyn will never be found. Until one summer day when he walks into her coffee shop, leveling her with the same hot smile that always renders her defenseless.Hockey star Dave Beringer has never forgotten the intense month he spent with prickly Zara. Their nights together were the first true intimacy he d ever experienced. But the discovery of his child is the shock of a lifetime, and his ugly past puts relationships and family out of reach.Or does it? Vermont's ountryside has a way of nurturing even tortured souls. The fields and the orchards—and hard won love—are Bountiful.
      Outmatched
What happens when a boxer finds chemistry with a geek? Parker Brown can t believe she needs to hire a fake boyfriend. When she landed her dream job in renewable energy, she thought she d be entering a world at the forefront of progressive thinking. But the head boss prefers to promote employees who are settled.  Thankfully, she's ound the perfect candidate, a fellow intellectual looking for some quick cash. What Parker gets is his protective big brother—Rhys Morgan. The tall, muscled ex-boxer with a foul mouth shows up just as her boss does, and now she's tuck with the manipulative jerk.Responsibility weighs heavily on Rhys. Now permanently out of the ring, he's rying to hold together his late father's ym and keep his younger brother, Dean, on the straight and narrow. To save Dean from himself, Rhys takes his place, ready to give this society girl a piece of his mind. Instead, he finds an opportunity. Even though they can hardly stand each other, posing as Parker's oyfriend is a win-win deal. She gets to keep her job, and he ll charm her star-struck boss into sponsoring his gym. Problem is, they can barely keep their hands off each other. And what started as an easy deal isn t so easy anymore. Because what future can a rough ex-boxer, afraid to open his heart, and a polished society geek, who has sworn off real relationships, possibly have? They say opposites attract. These opposites are about to combust on impact.
      Room for More
Single mom Kacie Jensen's ife completely changed when she met dreamy, easygoing hockey star Brody Murphy and fell into a love affair she d never imagined possible. Now, it seems like nothing can get in the way of their blossoming relationship—until Kacie's x-boyfriend and the father of her twin girls appears after a five-year absence, begging to be let back into their daughters  lives.With Brody's ame schedule turning their relationship long-distance, Kacie can keep her ex's eappearance a secret for a while. She doesn t want to hide her ex from Brody, but this news could take his head out of the game during the most important year of his hockey-playing career. Worse yet, it could drive her greatest love out of her life forever. Can Kacie do right by her daughters and keep Brody's eart now that her past has unexpectedly returned?***Charming and enticing, Room for More is the captivating second chapter in Beth Ehemann's ranberry Inn series.
      Parental Guidance
All I want is to play hockey on the Ice Knights, instead, I m in a viral video for all the wrong reasons and my mom—yes, my mom—has taken over my dating apps. Then, when I think it can t get any worse, the fates deliver Zara Ambrose, a five-feet-nothing redhead with more freckles than inches and who d rather be anywhere other than on a date with me. Now a bet with her friends and my PR nightmare have us both stuck in this go-on-five-dates-with-the-same-person hell situation. But if we band together, we can get the whole thing over with and go on with our lives. It's erfect! No feelings. No future. No fuc— *ahem* fun. No naked fun.What could go wrong? Nothing—as long as I remember the rules. Don t notice the way she looks in a dress. Don t react when she does that little shivery sigh thing whenever we touch. Don t think about the fact that she's ever had a toe-curling orgasm that wasn t self-delivered and just how badly I want to change that.Five dates—that's t—and then we go our separate ways. At least, that was the plan..
      The Assist
You know those stories where the smart girl tutors the dumb jock? This isn't it.Blair What's the probability of insulting the one guy on campus I need to help me pass statistics? If I knew, I wouldn't be standing in front of Wes Reynolds begging him to tutor me.Basketball player, sexy, arrogant, always sleeping through class... these are the things I knew about him. What I didn't know is that he is a seriously smart jock.Wes What's the best way to get rid of the peppy and unrelenting girl that keeps asking me to tutor her? If I knew, I wouldn't be staring at her tan legs and attempting to teach her statistics.Sorority girl, fine as f**k, determined, ball buster... these are the things I knew about her. What I didn't know is that she is all the things I didn't realize I wanted or needed.Or that one semester with her would change everything.
      Tiger Woods
The #1 New York Times bestseller based on years of reporting and interviews with more than 250 people from every corner of Tiger Woods's ife—this comprehensive, propulsive…and unsparing  (The New Yorker) biography is an ambitious 360-degree portrait of golf's ost scrutinized figure…brimming with revealing details  (Golf Digest).In 2009, Tiger Woods was the most famous athlete on the planet, a transcendent star of almost unfathomable fame and fortune living what appeared to be the perfect life. But it turned out he had been living a double life for years—one that exploded in the aftermath of a Thanksgiving night crash that exposed his serial infidelity and sent his personal and professional lives over a cliff. In this searing biography of golf's ost blazing talent  (GOLF magazine), Jeff Benedict and Armen Keteyian dig deep behind the headlines to produce a richly reported answer to the question that has mystified millions of sports fans for nearly a decade: who is Tiger Woods, really?  Drawing on more than four hundred interviews with people from every corner of Woods's ife—many of whom have never spoken about him on the record before—Benedict and Keteyian construct a captivating psychological profile of a mixed race child programmed by an attention-grabbing father and the original Tiger Mom to be the chosen one,  to change not just the game of golf, but the world as well. But at what cost? Benedict and Keteyian provide the starling answers in this definitive biography that is destined to linger in the minds of readers for years to come.  Irresistible…Immensely readable…Benedict and Keteyian bring us along for the ride in a whirlwind of a biography that reads honest and true  (The Wall Street Journal). Ultimately, Tiger Woods is a big American story…exhilarating, depressing, tawdry, and moving in almost equal measure  (The New York Times).
      Outcasts United: A Refugee Team, an American Town
The extraordinary story of a refugee football team and the transformation of a small American town.Clarkston, Georgia, was a typical Southern town until it was designated a refugee settlement centre in the 1990s, becoming home to scores of families in flight from the world's war zones—from Liberia and Sudan to Iraq and Afghanistan. Suddenly Clarkston's streets were filled with women wearing the hijab, the smells of cumin and curry, and kids of all colours playing football in any open space they could find. Among them was Luma Mufleh, a Jordanian woman who founded a youth football team to unify Clarkston's refugee children and keep them off the streets. These kids named themselves the Fugees.Outcasts United follows a pivotal season in the life of the Fugees and their charismatic coach. Warren St. John documents the lives of a diverse group of young people as they miraculously coalesce into a band of brothers, while also drawing a fascinating portrait of a fading American town struggling to accommodate its new arrivals. At the centre of the story is fiery Coach Luma, who relentlessly drives her players to success on the football field while holding together their lives—and the lives of their families—in the face of a series of daunting challenges.This fast-paced chronicle of a single season is a complex and inspiring tale of a small town becoming a global community—and an account of the ingenious and complicated ways we create a home in a changing world.
      Hot Finish
Desire is about to reach its peak.   Suzanne Jefferson is broke, which is why she's given up charity work for wedding planning. Fortunately, she has a high-profile client-and best of all, he's paid in advance. There are just two teensy problems: the bride is a bona fide bridezilla, and Suzanne's stock racer ex- husband is the best man. At least she thought he was her ex-husband...
      The Punch: One Night, Two Lives, and the Fight That Changed  Basketball Forever
With unerring insight into the deeper truths of professional sports, John Feinstein explores in riveting detail what happened one night in December 1977 when, as a fistfight broke out on the court between the Houston Rockets and the Los Angeles Lakers, Kermit Washington delivered a punch that nearly killed All-Star Rudy Tomjanovich. The punch-now legendary in the annals of American sports-radically changed the trajectory of both men's lives and reverberates throughout the National Basketball Association to this day. Feinstein's compelling investigation of this single cataclysmic incident and its aftermath casts a light on the NBA's darkest secrets, revealing the true price men pay when they choose a career in sports.
      Check, Please!, Book 2: Sticks & Scones
Eric Bittle is heading into his junior year at Samwell University, and not only does he have new teammates―he has a brand new boyfriend! Bitty and Jack must navigate their new, secret, long-distance relationship, and decide how to reveal their relationship to friends and teammates. And on top of that, Bitty's time at Samwell is quickly coming to an end...It's two full hockey seasons packed with big wins and high stakes!A collection of the second half of the mega-popular webcomic series of the same name, Check, Please!: Sticks and Scones is the last in a hilarious and stirring two-volume coming-of-age story about hockey, bros, and trying to find yourself during the best four years of your life.
      Steamroller
About the last thing Vincent Wade expected was for Carson Cress to ask him out. Vince is a dedicated biology student and a bit of a loner. Superstar quarterback Carson is larger than life, and he lives under a public microscope. There's o way they should work. But Vince is learning that sometimes people just come steamrolling into your life and all you can do is hang on for the ride or lose your heart in the process. If their relationship can survive the fallout when an injury derails Carson's uture plans, maybe Vince can finally find something to believe in.
      Instant Replay: The Green Bay Diary of Jerry Kramer
In 1967, when Jerry Kramer was a thirty-one-year-old Green Bay Packers offensive lineman, in his tenth year with the team, he decided to keep a diary of the season. Perhaps, by setting down my daily thoughts and observations,  he wrote, I ll be able to understand precisely what it is that draws me back to professional football.  Working with the renowned journalist Dick Schaap, Kramer recorded his day-to-day experiences as a player with perception, honesty, humor, and startling sensitivity. Little did Kramer know that the 1967 season would be one of the most remarkable in the history of pro football, culminating with the legendary championship game against Dallas now known as the Ice Bowl,  in which Kramer would play a central role. Nor could he have anticipated that his diary would evolve into a book titled Instant Replay, first published in 1968, that would become a multimillion-copy bestseller and be celebrated by reviewers everywhere, including the Washington Post's onathan Yardley, who calls it to this day, the best inside account of pro football, indeed the best book ever written about that sport and that league. This groundbreaking look inside the world of professional football is one of the first books ever to take readers into the locker room and reveal the inner workings of a professional sports franchise. From training camp, through the historic Ice Bowl, then into the locker room of Super Bowl II, Kramer provides a captivating player's erspective on pro football when the game was all blood, grit, and tears. He also offers a rare and insightful view of the team's toried leader, Coach Vince Lombardi. Bringing the book back into print for the first time in more than a decade, this new edition of Instant Replay retains the classic look of the original and includes a foreword by Jonathan Yardley and additional rarely seen photos from the celebrated Lombardi era.  As vivid and engaging as it was when it was first published, Instant Replay is an irreplaceable reminder of the glory days of pro football.
      Home Game
He's  professional hockey player trying to survive on his new team. I m just trying to survive.  I m down to my last dollar. I live day-to-day in a world that doesn t care. Despite my bad luck, I m a fighter. I never give up. I never stop trying.  Ryan Parker's wealth and generosity, sets him apart from anyone I know. Yet, I don t trust him. It's othing personal. I trust no one.  But when my bad luck takes a turn for the worse, one person shows up. Ryan Parker.  I do not understand why he bothered because the guy has enough of his own issues to deal with. But I don t have a choice. I need him. It's  matter of survival.  His friendship changed everything. It changed me. I started to believe in myself. I allowed myself to trust. And for the first time, in a long time, I felt my heart beat again.  In the game of love, winning is harder than it looks. I don t know the rules. I don t know how to win. But I ll play my heart out until the whistle blows.  Home Game.
      The Good Luck Charm
Is it love, or is she just his good luck charm?
New York Times and USA Today bestselling author Helena Hunting absolutely delights with this witty and fun standalone contemporary romance.
 Lilah isn't sure what hurt worse: the day Ethan left her to focus on his hockey career, or the day he came back eight years later. He might think they can pick up just where they left off, but she's no longer that same girl and never wants to be again. Ethan Kane wants his glory days back. And that includes having Lilah by his side. With her, he was magic. They were magic. All he has to do is make her see that. Just when Lilah might finally be ready to let him in, though, she finds out their reunion has nothing to do with her and everything to do with his game. But Ethan's already lost her once, and even if it costs him his career, he'll do anything to keep from losing her again.
      Wilder
He's axton Wilder.Twenty-two-year-old, tattooed, smoking-hot leader of the Renegades.Five time X Games medalist.The world is his playground—especially this year—and for the next nine months I m stuck as his tutor on the Study at Sea program.He's oo busy staging worldwide stunts for his documentary to get to class.But if I can t get him to take academics seriously, I ll lose my scholarship…if I don t lose my heart first.Six unlikely friends on a nine-month cruise with the Study at Sea program will learn that chemistry is more than a subject and the best lessons aren t taught in the classroom…but in the heart.
      All Wound Up
In the latest Play-by-Play novel from the New York Times bestselling author of Quarterback Draw, a sexy baseball player is done striking out... Tucker Cassidy is going through a slump—but not on the field. It's is dating life that's uffering. After having a painful altercation involving his ex-girlfriend's nee, Tucker is convinced it couldn t get worse…until a gorgeous doctor comes to the rescue at his most embarrassing moment.   As the daughter of the owner of the St. Louis Rivers, Dr. Aubry Ross has been around jocks all her life. She knows the ins and outs of all their games, and she isn t interested in playing.   When Tucker repeatedly lands in the hospital where she's orking, Aubry starts to think he's etting injured just to see her. Tucker is both funny and sexy, and Aubry is pleasantly surprised to discover he actually respects her job.   When her father disapproves of their relationship, Aubry knows she d rather lose Tucker than have him lose his job. But Tucker isn t about to let threats of a trade get in the way of a game-changing love…
      King of the World: Muhammad Ali and the Rise of an American Hero
There were mythic sports figures before him--Jack Johnson, Babe Ruth, Joe Louis, Joe DiMaggio--but when Cassius Clay burst onto the sports scene from his native Louisville in the 1950s, he broke the mold. He changed the world of sports and went on to change the world itself. As Muhammad Ali, he would become the most recognized face on the planet. Ali was a transcendent athlete and entertainer, a heavyweight Fred Astaire, a rapper before rap was born. He was a mirror of his era, a dynamic figure in the racial and cultural battles of his time. This unforgettable story of his rise and self-creation, told by a Pulitzer Prize-winning writer, places Ali in a heritage of great American originals. Cassius Clay grew up in the Jim Crow South and came of athletic age when boxers were at the mercy of the mob. From the start, Clay rebelled against everything and everyone who would keep him and his people down. He refused the old stereotypes and refused the glad hand of the mob. And, to the confusion and fury of white sportswriters, who were far more comfortable with the self-effacing Joe Louis, Clay came forward as a rebel, insistent on his political views, on his new religion, and, eventually, on a new name. His rebellion nearly cost him the chance to fight for the heavyweight championship of the world. King of the World features some of the pivotal figures of the 1960s--Malcolm X, Elijah Muhammad, John F. Kennedy--and its pivotal events: the civil rights movement, political assassinations, the war in Vietnam. Muhammad Ali is a great hero and a beloved figure in American life. King of the World takes us back to the days when his life was a series of battles, inside the ring and out. A master storyteller at the height of his powers, David Remnick has written a book worthy of America's most dynamic modern hero.
      The Kid: The Immortal Life of Ted Williams
From the catalog: At long last, the epic biography Ted Williams deserves – and that his fans have been waiting for. Ted Williams was the best hitter in baseball history. This Red Sox legend's batting average of .406 in 1941 has not been topped since, and no player who has hit over 500 home runs has a higher career batting average. Those totals would have been even higher if Williams had not left baseball for nearly five years in the prime of his career to serve as a Marine pilot in World War II and Korea. He hit home runs as far as or farther than any player before him – and traveled a long way himself, as Ben Bradlee, Jr.'s, grand biography reveals. Born in 1918 in San Diego, Ted would spend most of his life disguising his Mexican heritage. During his 22 years with the Boston Red Sox, Williams electrified crowds across American–and shocked them, too: His notorious clashes with the press and fans threatened his reputation. Yet while he was a God in the batter's box, he was profoundly human once he stepped away from the plate. His ferocity came to define his troubled domestic life. While baseball might have been straightforward for Ted Williams, life was not. The Kid is biography of the highest literary order, a thrilling and honest account of a legend in all his glory and human complexity. In his final at-bat, Williams hit a home run. Bradlee's marvelous book clears the fences, too.
      Sacred Hoops: Spiritual Lessons of a Hardwood Warrior
With a new introduction, Phil Jackson's modern classic of motivation, teamwork, and Zen insight is updated for a whole new readershipNot only is there more to life than basketball, there's a lot more to basketball than basketball. --Phil Jackson Eleven years ago, when Phil Jackson first wrote these words in Sacred Hoops, he was the triumphant head coach of the Chicago Bulls, known for his Zen approach to the game. He hadnt yet moved to the Los Angeles Lakers, with whom he would bring his total to an astounding nine NBA titles. In his thought-provoking memoir, he revealed how he directs his players to act with a clear mind--not thinking, just doing; to respect the enemy and be aggressive without anger or violence; to live in the moment and stay calmly focused in the midst of chaos; to put the me in service of the we -- all lessons applicable to any person's life, not just a professional basketball player's. This inspiring book went on to sell more than 400,000 copies. In his new introduction, Jackson explains how the concepts in Sacred Hoops are relevant to the issues facing his current team--and today's reader.
      Kage Unleashed
Librarian's Note: this is an alternate cover edition - ISBN 10:1517374820My name is Jamie Atwood, and I am an idiot. Against all odds, I got the attention of Michael Kage, the hottest MMA fighter on the planet. To say he rocked my world would be an understatement. He transformed me completely, made me depend on him, and made me love him. And the sex? Let me put it this way: I'd never been with a guy before I met Kage, but I'd gladly spend the rest of my life on my knees for him. He is my obsession and my addiction. But I did something stupid, and now I'm paying for it. I don't know if I'll ever see Kage again.Being Michael Kage was never easy. Too many demons, too much anger, and not enough to live for. And then I met Jamie Atwood. He's got this innocence about him that speaks to something deep down inside me- in a place that's never been touched by anyone. He's beautiful, smart, and courageous, and he hasn't been tainted by the darkness that's ruled my life. I wanted him from the first second I laid eyes on him. It's selfish, I know. Because you can't bring an innocent thing into the darkness and not expect something to rub off.
      Home & Away
You can build a team, but you have to find your home.Rupert Smythe is fond of many things. Callum Morrison isn t one of them.Rupert is a quiet, thoughtful business man and, sadly, a total wimp. Maybe not the ideal candidate to run a professional hockey team, but he signed on to do it anyway. As his life has reminded him on an almost daily basis since, this isn t the most brilliant idea he's ver had. And that was before Callum showed up.Being in the spotlight is just part of being a professional athlete, but Callum needs a break. He arrives in Moncton unannounced, determined to help grow the team he just bought, and under the assumption he d be welcome. Possibly he should have tried to make a better first impression.Callum figures he can push through the rest of the summer, never expecting two kids, a host of friends, and his growing feelings for Rupert to derail everything he has ever believed about what he wanted, and what he could have.
      First Star I See Tonight
*Alternate version for ISBN9780062405616*A star quarterback and a feisty detective play for keeps in this sporty, sexy, sassy novel—a long-awaited new entry in the beloved, award-winning, New York Times bestselling author's an-favorite Chicago Stars football series.Piper Dove is a woman with a dream—to become the best detective in the city of Chicago. First job? Trail former Chicago Stars quarterback, Cooper Graham. Problem? Graham's potted her, and he's ot happy. From the bustling streets of Chicago to a windswept lighthouse on Lake Superior to the glistening waters of Biscayne Bay, two people who can t stand to lose will test themselves and each other to discover what matters most.
      This is Falling
First, I had to remember how to breathe. Then, I had to learn how to survive. Two years, three months and sixteen days had passed since I was the Rowe Stanton from before, since tragedy stole my youth and my heart went along with it.  When I left for college, I put a thousand miles between my future and my past. I d made a choice—I was going to cross back to the other side, to live with the living. I just didn t know how.  And then I met Nate Preeter.  An All-American baseball player, Nate wasn t supposed to notice a ghost-of-a-girl like me. But he did. He shouldn t want to know my name. But he did. And when he learned my secret and saw the scars it left behind, he was supposed to run. But he didn t.  My heart was dead, and I was never supposed to belong to anyone. But Nate Preeter had me feeling, and he made me want to be his. He showed me everything I was missing.  And then he showed me how to fall.  *This is a standalone in a three-part series that will focus on different characters. Each book can be read on its own.
      Focused
If you've ever seen your teenage crush ten years later, and he turns out to be a complete jerk, then you know how Molly Ward feels.  The last time she saw Noah Griffin was the regrettable day that she decided to climb into his bedroom window and turn her unrequited crush into something more.  That day was bad enough, but things are about to get worse.  Noah has become one of the best football players in the country, and he's ust landed on Molly's ront step.  As a new addition to the Washington Wolves roster, Noah's presence is the key to Molly's romotion in the front office.  The problem is, Noah wants nothing to do with Molly, and his surly attitude is making her job very difficult.  But he's got another thing coming if he thinks Molly will be intimidated by one grumpy football player, no matter how much he hates being around her.  Once these two go head to head, their mutual dislike explodes into undeniable chemistry. But with what they have at stake, they just might detonate everything else along with it.
      Grinder
Gage McPherson was the Seattle Shark's est Grinder, until he shattered his shoulder last season. Time heals all wounds...but the heartbroken single dad has more than his share of trust issues. The playboy only lets one girl close to his iced-over heart—his pint-sized daughter who's he center of his world. She's he only thing more important to him than hockey, and he trusts no one with her...except me.  We ve been friends since we were kids, and I love his daughter like she's y own, so what's he easiest solution to help Gage out? Move in and be his live-in nanny for the season. As far as she goes, the arrangement is perfect. But her drop-dead-sexy father? Frustrating on every possible level.  There is a thick, professional line drawn between us by his own hand, and despite understanding the terms, my body is practically begging him to cross it. Our chemistry is off the charts, but one misstep, and we could hurt the one person we love most. This game is all-or-nothing. Can I risk my heart on a guy who is known for the shut-out, on and off the ice?
      #Junkie
Drew Forrester is a total adrenaline junkie.His high of choice?Cars.The faster, the better.He's een making waves in Maryland's nderground racing circuit since he crossed the state line, and after speaking with him, we know he's ot hitting the brakes anytime soon.So what exactly does it take to burn rubber and make a name for yourself in a world where the only rule is there are no rules?You gotta be hungry…You gotta have balls…And you can never back down.What ve we learned here at GearShark?Drew is all of the above.We also know he's ot some secrets buried under his hood.Secrets we think are loaded with octane and just might set the world of cars on fire. Check out the full feature article inside…** This book contains an M/M romance relationship. **
      Watching Baseball Smarter: A Professional Fan's Guide for Beginners, Semi-experts, and Deeply Serious Geeks
Whether you re a major league couch potato, life-long season ticket-holder, or teaching game to a beginner, Watching Baseball Smarter leaves no territory uncovered. In this smart and funny fan's uide Hample explains the ins and outs of pitching, hitting, running, and fielding, while offering insider trivia and anecdotes that will surprise even the most informed viewers of our national pastime.What is the difference between a slider and a curveball?At which stadium did The Wave  first make an appearance? How do some hitters use iPods to improve their skills?Which positions are never played by lefties?Why do some players urinate on their hands?Combining the narrative voice and attitude of Michael Lewis with the compulsive brilliance of Schott's iscellany, Watching Baseball Smarter will increase your understanding and enjoyment of the sport–no matter what your level of expertise. Zack Hample is an obsessed fan and a regular writer for minorleaguebaseball.com. He's collected nearly 3,000 baseballs from major league games and has appeared on dozens of TV and radio shows. His first book, How to Snag Major League Baseballs, was published in 1999.
      Big Data Baseball: Math, Miracles, and the End of a 20-Year Losing Streak
New York Times BestsellerAfter twenty consecutive losing seasons for the Pittsburgh Pirates, team morale was low, the club's payroll ranked near the bottom of the sport, game attendance was down, and the city was becoming increasingly disenchanted with its team. Pittsburghers joked their town was the city of champions…and the Pirates. Big Data Baseball is the story of how the 2013 Pirates, mired in the longest losing streak in North American pro sports history, adopted drastic big-data strategies to end the drought, make the playoffs, and turn around the franchise's fortunes.Award-winning journalist Travis Sawchik takes you behind the scenes to expertly weave together the stories of the key figures who changed the way the small-market Pirates played the game. For manager Clint Hurdle and the front office staff to save their jobs, they could not rely on a free agent spending spree, instead they had to improve the sum of their parts and find hidden value. They had to change. From Hurdle shedding his old-school ways to work closely with Neal Huntington, the forward-thinking data-driven GM and his team of talented analysts; to pitchers like A. J. Burnett and Gerrit Cole changing what and where they threw; to Russell Martin, the undervalued catcher whose expert use of the nearly-invisible skill of pitch framing helped the team's pitchers turn more balls into strikes; to Clint Barmes, a solid shortstop and one of the early adopters of the unconventional on-field shift which forced the entire infield to realign into positions they never stood in before. Under Hurdle's leadership, a culture of collaboration and creativity flourished as he successfully blended whiz kid analysts with graybeard coaches—a kind of symbiotic teamwork which was unique to the sport.Big Data Baseball is Moneyball on steroids. It is an entertaining and enlightening underdog story that uses the 2013 Pirates season as the perfect lens to examine the sport's burgeoning big-data movement. With the help of data-tracking systems like PitchF/X and TrackMan, the Pirates collected millions of data points on every pitch and ball in play to create a tome of color-coded reports that revealed groundbreaking insights for how to win more games without spending a dime. In the process, they discovered that most batters struggled to hit two-seam fastballs, that an aggressive defensive shift on the field could turn more batted balls into outs, and that a catcher's most valuable skill was hidden. All these data points which aren't immediately visible to players and spectators, are the bit of magic that led the Pirates to spin straw in to gold, finish the 2013 season in second place, end a twenty-year losing streak.
      Racing Savannah
They re from two different worlds.He lives in the estate house, and she spends most of her time in the stables helping her father train horses. In fact, Savannah has always been much more comfortable around horses than boys. Especially boys like Jack Goodwin—cocky, popular and completely out of her league. She knows the rules: no mixing between the staff and the Goodwin family. But Jack has no such boundaries. With her dream of becoming a horse jockey, Savannah isn t exactly one to follow the rules either. She's ot going to let someone tell her a girl isn t tough enough to race. Sure, it's angerous. Then again, so is dating Jack…
      The Chase
Kendall Holbrook is determined to make it to the top, even with the challenge of being a woman on the male-dominated racing circuit. She doesn't have time for romance-especially not with racing rival Evan Monroe, the man who nearly crushed her dream years ago. Tricked into meeting him, Kendall is experiencing all those old feelings again-and she can't deny that they still have enough chemistry to set fire to the track.
      After The Shot Drops
A powerful novel about friendship, basketball, and one teen's mission to create a better life for his family in the tradition of Jason Reynolds, Matt de la Pena, and Walter Dean Myers.     Bunny and Nasir have been best friends forever, but when Bunny accepts an athletic scholarship across town, Nasir feels betrayed. While Bunny tries to fit in with his new, privileged peers, Nasir spends more time with his cousin, Wallace, who is being evicted. Nasir can't help but wonder why the neighborhood is falling over itself to help Bunny when Wallace is in trouble.When Wallace makes a bet against Bunny, Nasir is faced with an impossible decision—maybe a dangerous one.Told from alternating perspectives, After the Shot Drops is a heart-pounding story about the responsibilities of great talent and the importance of compassion.
      Alex Ferguson: My Autobiography
The celebratory, revealing, inspiring, and entertaining autobiography of the greatest manager in the history of British soccer.Over the past four years, Alex Ferguson has been reflecting on and jotting down the highlights of his extraordinary career, and here he reveals his amazing story as it unfolded, from his very early days in the tough shipyard areas of Govan. Sir Alex announced his retirement as manager of Manchester United after 27 years in the role. He has gone out in a blaze of glory, with United winning the Premier League for the 13th time, and he is widely considered to be the greatest manager in the history of British soccer. Over the last quarter of a century there have been seismic changes at Manchester United, with the only constant element the quality of the manager's league-winning squad and United's run of success, which included winning the Champions League for a second time in 2008. Sir Alex created a purposeful, but welcoming, and much envied culture at the club which has lasted the test of time. He discusses managing these seismic changes, and the growth of Man U as a global sports power. He shares the farewells to Roy Keane and David Beckham, describes the process of building a new Champions League side around Ronaldo and Rooney, and ruminates upon the great rivalries with Liverpool, Arsenal, Chelsea, and City. He also shares his thoughts on the psychology of management, and his passions and interests outside the game.
      Fantasy Life: The Outrageous, Uplifting, and Heartbreaking World of Fantasy Sports from the Guy Who's Lived It
Now a New York Times bestseller Fantasy football, fantasy baseball, fantasy basketball, even....
      Tough Guy
They have nothing in common—so why does Ryan feel most like himself whenever he's ith Fabian?Pro hockey star Ryan Price may be an enforcer, but off the ice he struggles with anxiety. Recently traded to the Toronto Guardians, he's etermined to make a fresh start in the city's ynamic LGBTQ Village. The last thing he expects to stumble upon in his new neighborhood is a blast from his past in the fabulous form of Fabian Salah.Aspiring musician Fabian loathes hockey. But that doesn t stop him from being attracted to a certain burly, ginger-bearded defenseman. He hasn t forgotten the kiss they almost shared back in high school, and it's lear the chemistry between them has only intensified.Fabian is more than happy to be Ryan's uide to the gay scene in Toronto. Between dance clubs and art exhibits—and the most amazing sex—Ryan's tarting to feel something he hasn t experienced in a long time: joy. But playing the role of the heavy on the ice has taken its toll on his body and mind, and a future with Fabian may mean hanging up his skates for good.
      Pucked Under
Randy Ballistic and Lily LeBlanc are head-over-heels, bed-breakingly, screaming orgasmically in love. But even they have their challenges, mostly outside of the bedroom. With the off-season coming to a close and the boys gearing up for training camp, one more weekend of fun is the perfect way to welcome the new season. The entire crew piles into vehicles and drives to Alex and Violet's hicago cottage for a few days of relaxation—and hopefully a chance for Randy to shake the anxiety that's een plaguing him. Accidental wardrobe malfunctions, typical Violet inspired overshares, and a whole lot of private time round out the perfect weekend getaway.But the moment they return to the city all of Randy's ngst resurfaces with the arrival of a surprise houseguest.
      The Fight
In 1974 in Kinshasa, Zaïre, two African American boxers were paid five million dollars apiece to fight each other. One was Muhammad Ali, the aging but irrepressible professor of boxing.  The other was George Foreman, who was as taciturn as Ali was voluble. Observing them was Norman Mailer, a commentator of unparalleled energy, acumen, and audacity. Whether he is analyzing the fighters  moves, interpreting their characters, or weighing their competing claims on the African and American souls, Mailer's rasp of the titanic battle's eints and stratagems—and his sensitivity to their deeper symbolism—makes this book a masterpiece of the literature of sport.  Praise for The Fight  Exquisitely refined and attenuated . . . [a] sensitive portrait of an extraordinary athlete and man, and a pugilistic drama fully as exciting as the reality on which it is based. —The New York Times    One of the defining texts of sports journalism. Not only does Mailer recall the violent combat with a scholar's ye . . . he also makes the whole act of reporting seem as exciting as what's ccurring in the ring. —GQ   Stylistically, Mailer was the greatest boxing writer of all time. —Chuck Klosterman, Esquire   One of Mailer's inest books. —Louis Menand, The New Yorker Praise for Norman Mailer  [Norman Mailer] loomed over American letters longer and larger than any other writer of his generation. —The New York Times   A writer of the greatest and most reckless talent. —The New Yorker   Mailer is indispensable, an American treasure. —The Washington Post   A devastatingly alive and original creative mind. —Life   Mailer is fierce, courageous, and reckless and nearly everything he writes has sections of headlong brilliance. —The New York Review of Books   The largest mind and imagination [in modern] American literature . . . Unlike just about every American writer since Henry James, Mailer has managed to grow and become richer in wisdom with each new book. —Chicago Tribune   Mailer is a master of his craft. His language carries you through the story like a leaf on a stream. —The Cincinnati Post
      Finding Ultra: Rejecting Middle Age, Becoming One of the World's Fittest Men, and Discovering Myself
An alternate cover for this edition can be found here.Finding Ultra is an incredible but true account of achieving one of the most awe-inspiring midlife physical transformations everOn the night before he was to turn forty, Rich Roll experienced a chilling glimpse of his future. Nearly fifty pounds overweight and unable to climb the stairs without stopping, he could see where his current sedentary life was taking him—and he woke up. Plunging into a new routine that prioritized a plant-based lifestyle and daily training, Rich morphed—in a matter of mere months—from out of shape, mid-life couch potato to endurance machine. Finding Ultra recounts Rich's emarkable journey to the starting line of the elite Ultraman competition, which pits the world's ittest humans in a 320-mile ordeal of swimming, biking, and running. And following that test, Rich conquered an even greater one: the EPIC5—five Ironman-distance triathlons, each on a different Hawaiian island, all completed in less than a week. In the years since Finding Ultra was published, Rich has become one of the world's ost recognized advocates of plant-based living. In this newly revised and updated edition, he shares the practices, tools, and techniques he uses for optimal performance, longevity, and wellness, including diet and nutrition protocols. Rich reflects on the steps he took to shift his mindset and leverage deep reservoirs of untapped potential to achieve success beyond his wildest imagination, urging each of us to embark on our own journey of self-discovery.
      Payback Time
Through the eyes of a distinctly non-athletic protagonist—a fat high school journalist named Mitch—veteran sports novelist Deuker reveals the surprising truth behind a mysterious football player named Angel.  When Angel shows up Lincoln High, he seems to have no past—or at least not one he is willing to discuss.  Though Mitch gets a glimpse of Angel's incredible talent off the field, Angel rarely allows himself to shine on the field.  Is he an undercover cop, wonders Mitch?  Or an ineligible player?  In pursuit of a killer story, Mitch decides to find out just who this player is and what he's done.  In the end, the truth surprises everyone.
      Major Misconduct
In Kelly Jamieson's eductive new Chicago Aces romance—perfect for readers of Sawyer Bennett and Toni Aleo—a fun-loving free spirit tempts an uptight hockey star into opening himself up to love. As the captain of the Chicago Aces, Marc Dupuis is all business. The apartment he shares with his teammate and best friend, Duncan, is a refuge from the pressures of fame. But when the sexiest woman he's ver seen interrupts his early morning coffee wearing only a skimpy cami and matching panties, Marc can t exactly say he minds. Their chemistry is off the charts. Unfortunately, this girl's o random puck bunny. She's uncan's ittle sister—and she's oving in. Lovey Armstrong could stare at Marc's hiseled abs and listen to his French-Canadian accent all day. She just has no idea what's oing on inside his head: When he's ot charming her pants off, Marc makes a Zamboni machine seem warm and cuddly. Lovey knows the team's ro code says no messing with sisters, but all these mixed messages are hard on a girl's elf-esteem—especially since she's inally getting her new life together in Chicago. She decides he's orth another shot . . . because if anyone can melt the ice around Marc's eart, it's ovey.
      The Numbers Game: Why Everything You Know About Soccer Is Wrong
Moneyball meets Freakonomics in this myth-busting guide to understanding—and winning—the most popular sport on the planet - now with a new afterword on the 2014 World Cup!Innovation is coming to soccer, and at the center of it all are the numbers—a way of thinking about the game that ignores the obvious in favor of how things actually are. In The Numbers Game, Chris Anderson, a former professional goalkeeper turned soccer statistics guru, teams up with behavioral analyst David Sally to uncover the numbers that really matter when it comes to predicting a winner. Investigating basic but profound questions—How valuable are corners? Which goal matters most? Is possession really nine-tenths of the law? How should a player's alue be judged?—they deliver an incisive, revolutionary new way of watching and understanding soccer.
      Off the Record
Ever Montgomery suffered the ultimate betrayal by the one man who she should have been able to count on for anything. It has left her hurt, jaded and incapable of forming relationships, but it also means that she can spot a liar a mile away. These traits are earning her a reputation as a reporter with a keen nose for a good story and a complete understanding of the extreme power of the written word.Lincoln Caldwell, is the hot goalie for the New York Rangers. At twenty-four and a rising star, he works hard and he plays even harder. He's gorgeous and carefree--the ultimate charmer. Ladies fall at his feet and the single life has never been lived the way Linc Caldwell does it.When Ever publishes an article about Linc containing information that she received off the record, she finds herself on the receiving end of the athlete's fury. Rather than basking in the glory of exposing Linc as a shameless user of women, she finds herself at his mercy when he demands and receives retribution. Required by her editor to trail Linc for six weeks, Ever is forced to look at the real Linc Caldwell.And she just might find that she has misjudged him.
      Crush
Football glory. A giant diamond. A wandering eye.Jude and Lucy are happily engaged . . . but that doesn't mean life's a bed of roses.Once again, Jude and Lucy are torn apart by football training and a summer job that creates new tensions. This time Jude's the one with trust issues. Will Lucy's life-changing news bring them back together or end their relationship for good? Can love triumph forever?
      Fumbled Hearts
He's he persistent playboy who refuses to walk away. I'm the impassive new girl with nothing left to give. Things are about to get complicated...After months of refusing, I finally agreed to make the move to Alrick Falls. My family thought it was best - that a new scene would be good for me—and I was sick of having the same conversation. So here I am, and the plan is simple. Smile through each day and avoid her at all costs. It's perfect. Until the cocksure quarterback comes into play. The last thing I want is his crooked grin and dark brown eyes focused on me. Yet here he is, constantly in my space, pushing me, daring me to care. Telling me what I think and feel, as if he knows. He doesn't know anything. And  I plan to keep it that way.
      Awk-Weird
There's ore to me than just being awk-weird. I own my own flower shop, have some great friends, and I have my eye on adopting the most adorable kitten. But sadly, hot guys don t tend to be blown away by my trivia-spouting, dorky self.So when a Thor-lookalike who happens to be a professional hockey player hits on me at my bestie's edding rehearsal party... You better believe I climbed that tree like a cat. And the fact that it happened not once, not twice, but three times? Yeah, that's retty much a once-in-a-lifetime experience for a woman like me.There's ero chance I ll end up ever seeing him again... right?Until the pregnancy test comes up positive. What happens next?Oh my God, I wish I knew…
      Fighting to Forgive
What do you do when everything you avoid, turns out to be exactly what you need?Easy and predictable, just the way he likes it, Blake Daniels flies through life the way he burns through women: on his terms, no regrets.With his fighting career in full swing, he's on the threshold of title contention. But when his training is compromised by injury, the stakes grow impossibly higher. The rage that fuels his punches also chips away at his focus, and he risks losing everything he cares about.He won t let that happen. Not again.Layla's hrough with men. After a marriage that never should ve happened, she hopes to reclaim the pieces of the woman she lost years ago.Emotional abuse has left her insecure and terrified. A master at faking what she's ot feeling, she masks her self-doubt in false confidence.She ll never let another man hurt her. Not again.Chased by shadows of the past, Blake and Layla know what they don t want, but their hearts have a different plan. As a web of lies and betrayal threatens to destroy them, they re forced to make a choice.Is love enough to heal even the deepest wounds?Or will they be left Fighting to Forgive?
      Clash
Their Romeo-and-Juliet-level passion is the only thing Jude and Lucy agree on. That, and fighting all the time...Also not helping? Lucy's raging jealousy of the cheerleader who's wormed her way into Jude's life.While trying to hang on to her quintessential bad boy and also training to be the top ballet dancer in her class, Lucy knows something's going to give... soon.How can she live without the boy she loves? How can she live with herself if she gives up on her dreams? If Lucy doesn't make the right choice, she could lose everything.
      Soccer Against the Enemy: How the World's Most Popular Sport Starts and Fuels Revolutions and Keeps Dictators in Power
Soccer is much more than just the most popular game in the world. It is a matter of life and death for millions around the world, an international lingua franca.Simon Kuper traveled to twenty-two countries to discover the sometimes bizarre effect soccer can have on politics and culture. At the same time he tried to discover what makes different countries play a simple game so differently.Kuper meets a remarkable variety of fans along the way, from the East Berliner persecuted by the Stasi for supporting his local team, to the Argentine general with his own views on tactics. He also illuminates the frightening intersection between soccer and politics, particularly in the wake of the attacks of 9-11, where soccer is obsessed over by the likes of Osama bin Laden. The result is one of the world's most acclaimed books on the game, and an astonishing study of soccer and its place in the world.
      Rammer Jammer Yellow Hammer: A Road Trip into the Heart of Fan Mania
What is it about sports that turns otherwise sane people into raving lunatics? Why does winning compel people to tear down goal posts, and losing, to drown themselves in bad keg beer? In short, why do fans care?In search of answers, Warren St. John seeks out the roving community of RVers who follow the Alabama Crimson Tide from game to game. A movable feast of Weber grills and Igloo coolers, these are hard-core football fans who arrive on Wednesday for Saturday's ame: The Reeses, who skipped their own daughter's edding because it coincided with a Bama game; Ray Pradat, the Episcopal minister who watches the games on a television beside his altar while performing weddings; and John Ed, the wheeling and dealing ticket scalper whose access to good seats gives him power on par with the governor. In no time at all, St. John buys an RV (a $5,500 beater named The Hawg) and joins the caravan for a full football season, chronicling the world of the extreme fan and learning that in the shadow of the stadium, it can all begin to seem strangely normal. Rammer Jammer Yellow Hammer is not only a hilarious travel story, but a cultural anthropology of fans that goes a long way toward demystifying the universal urge to take sides and to win.
      Fired Up
ASHTON If there's ne thing I know, it's ow to play the game…both on and off the field. If it hadn t been for that one teenage slipup where I kissed Beau Campbell, I d be able to keep fooling myself. Football is the one thing I use to distract myself from the truth, and when I screw-up and lose the game I love, I find myself right back in Fever Falls. And right back face-to-face with Cranky Campbell, who hates me even more than he did when we were kids. Whatever magic he held over me then is still there. As much as I fight it, I still want him. And I always get what I want…well, except with Beau, who constantly calls me on my crap. Why do I like that so much?  BEAU I might ve spent years watching Ash live out my dream—without the off-field antics and orgies with women, at least—but I ve made a good life for myself. I m a firefighter, and I coach my brother's ootball team for those with developmental disabilities. But when Ash swings back into town armed with his monster ego and an arsenal of stupid nicknames, everyone is in awe of him. Nope, not me. I don t care if our kiss years ago was responsible for my sexual awakening. I won t fall for Ashton Carmichael. Though that resolution would be a whole lot easier if he wasn t so tempting. Once he finds his way into my bed, I m screwed—in more ways than one. But there's ore to Ash than meets the eye, buried beneath his ego, sarcasm and how we burn up the sheets together. Soon, it's ore than a game. We don t just get each other fired up, we just might win each other's earts.  Too bad things are never that simple… 
      Catching Caden
 If all they see are her scars - they aren't looking hard enough.It was my home run ball that shattered her face.Right along with her modeling career.Now it's my mission to help her rebuild her life.And get her to love the game that she hates.The game that dictates my life both on and off the field.But when the lines of our friendship become blurred, I worry she'll just be another casualty of my three-strikes rule. The rule I have to protect my money, my future, my heart.No girl has ever broken it.I've never wanted one to.Until now.The question is ... will I let her?Catching Caden is a standalone romance. It is Book One in The Perfect Game Series.Books two and three coming soon.
      The Closer: My Story
The greatest relief pitcher of all time shares his extraordinary story of survival, love, and baseball. Mariano Rivera, the man who intimidated thousands of batters merely by opening a bullpen door, began his incredible journey as the son of a poor Panamanian fisherman. When first scouted by the Yankees, he didn't even own his own glove. He thought he might make a good mechanic. When discovered, he had never flown in an airplane, had never heard of Babe Ruth, spoke no English, and couldn't imagine Tampa, the city where he was headed to begin a career that would become one of baseball's most iconic.  What he did know: that he loved his family and his then girlfriend, Clara, that he could trust in the Lord to guide him, and that he could throw a baseball exactly where he wanted to, every time. With astonishing candor, Rivera tells the story of the championships, the bosses (including The Boss), the rivalries, and the struggles of being a Latino baseball player in the United States and of maintaining Christian values in professional athletics.  The thirteen-time All-Star discusses his drive to win; the secrets behind his legendary composure; the story of how he discovered his cut fastball; the untold, pitch-by-pitch account of the ninth inning of Game 7 in the 2001 World Series; and why the lowest moment of his career became one of his greatest blessings. In The Closer, Rivera takes readers into the Yankee clubhouse, where his teammates are his brothers. But he also takes us on that jog from the bullpen to the mound, where the game -- or the season -- rests squarely on his shoulders.  We come to understand the laserlike focus that is his hallmark, and how his faith and his family kept his feet firmly on the pitching rubber. Many of the tools he used so consistently and gracefully came from what was inside him for a very long time -- his deep passion for life; his enduring commitment to Clara, whom he met in kindergarten; and his innate sense for getting out of a jam. When Rivera retired, the whole world watched -- and cheered. In The Closer, we come to an even greater appreciation of a legend built from the ground up.
      The Last Amateurs: Playing for Glory and Honor in Division I College Basketball
America's favorite sportswriter takes readers on a thrilling and unforgettable journey into the world of college basketball in this national bestseller. Like millions who love college basketball, John Feinstein was first drawn to the game because of its intensity, speed and intelligence. Like many others, he felt that the vast sums of money involved in NCAA basketball had turned the sport into a division of the NBA, rather than the beloved amateur sport it once was. He went in search of college basketball played with the passion and integrity it once inspired, and found the Patriot League. As one of the NCAA's smallest leagues, none of these teams leaves college early to join the NBA and none of these coaches gets national recognition or endorsement contracts. The young men on these teams are playing for the love of the sport, of competition and of their schools.  John Feinstein spent a season with these players, uncovering the drama of their daily lives and the passions that drive them to commit hundreds of hours to basketball even when there is no chance of a professional future. He offers a look at American sport at its purest.
      The Miracle of St. Anthony: A Season with Coach Bob Hurley and Basketball's Most Improbable Dynasty
In a city mired in endless decay, where the youth suffer through all the horrors of urban blight, hope comes in a most unassuming form: a tiny brick schoolhouse run by two Felician nuns where a singular basketball genius takes teenagers from the mean streets of Jersey City and turns them into champions on the hardcourt. Coach Bob Hurley had been working miracles at St. Anthony High School for over thirty years, winning state and national championships and offering his players rescue from their surroundings through college scholarships, when he met his most dysfunctional team yet. In The Miracle of St. Anthony Adrian Wojnarowski follows Hurley through a gripping and heartrending season as he struggles to lead a troubled team to glory through his unparalleled understanding of the game and his ceaseless determination to see no more children lost to these streets. In The Miracle of St. Anthony, acclaimed sports journalist Adrian Wojnarowski follows Hurley through a gripping and heartrending season, as he struggles to lead a troubled team to glory through his unparalleled understanding of the game and his ceaseless determination to see no more children lost to the city streets.
      Tyed
Rock bottom has built way more champions than privilege ever has. Blaire, an underachieving college student with zero prospects and a ton of issues (hey, being the less-successful twin of a gorgeous supermodel would totally do that to you) needs something from Ty. Mixed Martial artist Ty, a soon-to-be Welterweight champion of the Xtreme Warrior League and the hottest guy in the Bay Area, wants something from Blaire. But Ty has a secret. And Blaire can barely even handle his truths.  Life is about to throw a few knockout punches at both of them. Can they handle the pain?
      Clipped by Love
Things are heating up for the Sinclair boys! With one already in the NHL, Jayden Sinclair is hoping to be next! This has been the toughest year of my life. I watched my brother go into the draft without me, my mom got divorced, and the weight of my family's ssues is heavy on my shoulders. I feel like it's y job to fix everything while working my butt off in school and trying to make my game better. I have to go into the draft. It will give my family the support they need, and it will prove that I m good enough. But to get there, I have to show I can be the best captain for the Bellevue Bullies. The spot is mine—no one can take it. First though, Jude is making me go on a brother's eekend. Innocent enough, I guess…until I see her. She's he biggest competitor I ve ever faced. Not only for my spot but also my heart. It's ard to ignore someone like Baylor Moore. I don t lose. I can t. My dad has bred me to be the best in anything I do. I am driven, I am smart, and I am going to be the first woman in the National Hockey League. No two ways about it. I ve worked too hard. I ve been through too much not to have what I want. I know I can do it. I will make my dad proud, and no one will stand in the way of that. That is, until I let him in. He scares me. He makes me feel. And he could very well be the one person who can make me want more than just to win. We both have the same goal. Victory. But how do you compete against the person you want to win? It's ot easy. Love isn t something you can control. It isn t like a puck that can be handled by a stick. No, it has a mind of its own and does what it wants. Neither of us saw it coming, and we really don t know if there is a way to score, especially when you re being Clipped by Love.
      Thin Love
Love isn't supposed to be an addiction. It isn't supposed to leave you bleeding. Kona pushed, Keira pulled, and in their wake, they left behind destruction. She sacrificed everything for him. It wasn't enough. But the wounds of the past can never be completely forgotten and still the flame remains, slumbers between the pleasure of yesterday and the thought of what might have been. Now, sixteen years later, Keira returns home to bury the mother who betrayed her, just as Kona tries to hold onto what remains of his Nfl career with the New Orleans Steamers. Across the crowded bustle of a busy French Market, their paths collide, conjuring forgotten memories of a consuming touch, skin on skin, and the still smoldering fire that begs to be rekindled. When Kona realizes the trifecta of betrayal—his, Keira's and those lies told to keep them apart—his life is irrevocably changed and he once again takes Keira down with him into the fire that threatens to ignite them both.
      Phenomenal X
Good Girl. Notorious Bad-Boy. One Phenomenal Love. From the mean streets of Detroit rises the newest superstar of professional wrestling, Xavier Cold, better known as Phenomenal X. His muscular physique makes men cower before him and women lose their minds with desire.Anna Cortez is fresh out of college and naive to the harsh realities of the real world. Tired of living under the thumb of her conservative family, she defies them when she accepts a job as the assistant to wrestling's ost notorious bad-boy. Phenomenal X has an animalistic nature that even good girl Anna finds hard to resist.One night forced to share a bed in a sold-out hotel, lines blur between them and they quickly learn that one lustful night changes everything and neither one of them will ever be the same.Join Michelle's Facebook Reader Group: Valentine Vixens
      One Shot at Forever: A Small Town, an Unlikely Coach, and a Magical Baseball Season
One Shot at Forever is powerful, inspirational. . . . This isn't merely a book about baseball. It's a book about heart.--Jeff Pearlman, New York Times bestselling author of Boys Will Be Boys and The Bad Guys WonIn 1971, a small-town high school baseball team from rural Illinois, playing with hand-me-down uniforms and peace signs on their hats, defied convention and the odds. Led by an English teacher with no coaching experience, the Macon Ironmen emerged from a field of 370 teams to represent the smallest school in Illinois history to make the state final, a distinction that still stands. There the Ironmen would play against a Chicago powerhouse in a dramatic game that would change their lives forever.In this gripping, cinematic narrative, Chris Ballard tells the story of the team and its coach, Lynn Sweet: a hippie, dreamer, and intellectual who arrived in Macon in 1966, bringing progressive ideas to a town stuck in the Eisenhower era. Beloved by students but not administration, Sweet reluctantly took over the ragtag team, intent on teaching the boys as much about life as baseball. Together they embarked on an improbable postseason run that buoyed a small town in desperate need of something to celebrate. Engaging and poignant, One Shot at Forever is a testament to the power of high school sports to shape the lives of those who play them, and it reminds us that there are few bonds more sacred than that among a coach, a team, and a town.Macon's run at the title reminds us why sports matter and why sportswriting has such great power to inspire. . . . [It's] one hell of a good story, and Ballard has written one hell of a good book. --Jonathan Eig, Chicago Tribune
      Ride
No one rides like Chase Austin.Bad boy. Player. Adrenaline junkie. Snowboarder Chase Austin has a reputation—and not just for being the world's est extreme athlete. He's s cold as the mountains he rides, loyal only to his crew . . . and panties drop wherever he goes.Photographer Brooke Larson knows better than to let him get through her emotional Kevlar. So what if she used to have his poster on her bedroom wall? She's ot a teenager with a crush anymore. Chase Austin is her key to the big time, and she's etting his photo no matter what.Too bad the only place Chase wants her is in his bed.Men leave. Success is forever. Brooke knows the drill, and she's ot letting anyone get in the way of her career—or into her heart.But whether it's n the slopes or between the sheets, riding with the best means risking it all.
      Endurance
He rejected her. She loathes him. Now they have to fool everyone and pretend they actually like each other.  Tanner Harris has been busy shagging his way through the ladies of east London, but getting caught by the paparazzi buck-naked with his trouser snake in his hands means he's owed his last wild oat.  Dr. Belle Ryan once thought Tanner Harris was the perfect kind of bearded bad boy she needed to relieve a bit of stress after her intense job as a surgical fellow, but an icy cold rejection from London's luttiest footballer puts the two at each other's hroats.  Fate and a favour conspire to put Tanner and Belle back in each other's aths and they re forced to do a lot more than get along to save face and their careers.  Rage turns to passion and tempers run sizzling hot when they realise they aren t just falling for each other—they re jumping head first. And neither have the endurance to keep their hands to themselves. 
      Cleat Chaser
Kyrie Kent hates baseball. She hates players even more. When her best friend drags her to a Ravens game, she spends the innings reading a book… Until she gets a glimpse of the closer—a pitcher who draws her like a magnet. Fighting her attraction to Easton Holliday is easy. All she has to do is keep her distance, avoid the ballpark, and keep her head down. At least, all that would have worked, but Easton doesn t intend to let Kyrie walk so easily. When another player vies for Kyrie's ttention, Easton will swing for the fences. But will Kyrie strike him out or let him steal home?  Full disclosure: This is an erotic, standalone romantic comedy full of hot guys in tight baseball pants, even more guys in tight baseball pants who know how to swing a big stick, and explicit sex.
      The Last Hero: A Life of Henry Aaron
In the thirty-four years since his retirement, Henry (Hank) Aaron's reputation has only grown in magnitude. But his influence extends beyond statistics, and at long last here is the first definitive biography of one of baseball's immortal figures. Based on meticulous research and extensive interviews The Last Hero reveals how Aaron navigated the upheavals of his time - fighting against racism while at the same time benefiting from racial progress - and how he achieved his goal of continuing Jackie Robinson's mission to obtain full equality for African Americans, both in baseball and society, while he lived uncomfortably in the public eye. Eloquently written, detailed and penetrating, this is a revelatory portrait of a complicated, private man who through sports became an enduring American icon.
      Ted Williams: The Biography of an American Hero
He was The Kid. The Splendid Splinter. Teddy Ballgame. One of the greatest figures of his generation, and arguably the greatest baseball hitter of all time. But what made Ted Williams a legend – and a lightning rod for controversy in life and in death? What motivated him to interrupt his Hall of Fame career twice to serve his country as a fighter pilot; to embrace his fans while tangling with the media; to retreat from the limelight whenever possible into his solitary love of fishing; and to become the most famous man ever to have his body cryogenically frozen after his death? New York Times bestselling author Leigh Montville, who wrote the celebrated Sports Illustrated obituary of Ted Williams, now delivers an intimate, riveting account of this extraordinary life. Still a gangly teenager when he stepped into a Boston Red Sox uniform in 1939, Williams's oisterous personality and penchant for towering home runs earned him adoring admirers--the fans--and venomous critics--the sportswriters. In 1941, the entire country followed Williams's stunning .406 season, a record that has not been touched in over six decades. At the pinnacle of his prime, Williams left Boston to train and serve as a fighter pilot in World War II, missing three full years of baseball. He was back in 1946, dominating the sport alongside teammates Dominic DiMaggio, Johnny Pesky, and Bobby Doerr. But Williams left baseball again in 1952 to fight in Korea, where he flew thirty-nine combat missions—crash-landing his flaming, smoke-filled plane, in one famous episode.Ted Willams's personal life was equally colorful. His attraction to women (and their attraction to him) was a constant. He was married and divorced three times and he fathered two daughters and a son. He was one of corporate America's first modern spokesmen, and he remained, nearly into his eighties, a fiercely devoted fisherman. With his son, John Henry Williams, he devoted his final years to the sports memorabilia business, even as illness overtook him. And in death, controversy and public outcry followed Williams and the disagreements between his children over the decision to have his body preserved for future resuscitation in a cryonics facility--a fate, many argue, Williams never wanted. With unmatched verve and passion, and drawing upon hundreds of interviews, acclaimed best-selling author Leigh Montville brings to life Ted Williams's superb triumphs, lonely tragedies, and intensely colorful personality, in a biography that is fitting of an American hero and legend.
      The Sweet Science
A.J. Liebling's classic New Yorker pieces on the sweet science of bruising bring vividly to life the boxing world as it once was. It depicts the great events of boxing's American heyday: Sugar Ray Robinson's dramatic comeback, Rocky Marciano's rise to prominence, Joe Louis's unfortunate decline. Liebling never fails to find the human story behind the fight, and he evokes the atmosphere in the arena as distinctly as he does the goings-on in the ring--a combination that prompted Sports Illustrated to name The Sweet Science the best American sports book of all time.
      Switch Hitter
I knew something was wrong the second she walked in the door tonight; I just couldn t put my finger on what it was. Same hair color.Same legs.Same face. Except… I look harder.At the small dimple beneath her lip that wasn t there the last time we went out. And her laugh — that laugh isn t as loud. This isn t the girl I ve gone out with the past few weeks.It's er twin sister, and they ve switched places on me. Only I m not quite ready to let them switch back.Originally published as part of TEAM PLAYER: AN ANTHOLOGY.
      Irresistibly Yours
Meet the men of Oxford magazine! In the first captivating spin-off of Lauren Layne's ex, Love & Stiletto series, a not-so-friendly battle of the sexes turns into a scorching office romance.   Hotshot sports editor Cole Sharpe has been freelancing for Oxford for years, so when he hears about a staff position opening up, he figures he's ot the inside track. Then his boss drops a bombshell: Cole has competition. Female competition, in the form of a fresh-faced tomboy who can hang with the dudes—and write circles around them, too. Cole usually likes his women flirty and curvy, but he takes a special interest in his skinny, sassy rival, if only to keep an eye on her. And soon, he can t take his eyes off her.   Penelope Pope knows all too well that she comes off as just one of the guys. Since she's earned that wanting more usually leads to disappointment, Penelope's esigned to sitting on the sidelines when it comes to love. So why does Cole make her want to get back in the game? The man is as arrogant as he is handsome. He probably sees her as nothing more than a barrier to his dream job. But when an unexpected kiss turns into a night of irresistible passion, Penelope has to figure out whether they re just fooling around—or starting something real.  Includes a special message from the editor, as well as an excerpt from another Loveswept title.
      Wildcat
What would you do if the sexy, mysterious stranger you met by chance turned out to be a celebrity?Catharine Wild is about to find out.Quinn Bailey is one of the best quarterbacks in the country, and the instant he lays eyes on pretty little Cat Wild, he can t resist her.When the sexy football star comes aboard the flight attendant's lane, her life takes a drastic turn. Mile-high courting and an intense pursuit to win her heart are just the beginning.Attention, fame—even, public scrutiny find their way into the mix. It should be simple, right?Wrong.Because, in the end, not everyone wants to see the small town girl find love with the superstar.Good thing Quinn Bailey knows how to win.Game on, baby.From the New York Times & USA Today bestselling author of TAPPING THE BILLIONAIRE comes a hilarious and sexy standalone about chance encounters and finding true love.
      Kage Unmasked
Can their love survive the most shocking revelation? Sexy college senior Jamie Atwood has fallen hard for MMA dark horse Michael the Machine Kage. With his hot muscled body, intoxicating green eyes, and proclivity for rough sex, Kage is a potent aphrodisiac to the innocent boy-next-door. The danger, the intrigue, the feel of his strong hand around his throat, the knowledge that his fighter would kill or die for him. From the moment Kage grabbed onto his hips and channeled all that masculine aggression into claiming his body, Jamie was ruined for anyone else.Passions run high as the lovers try to assimilate into each other's lives: coming out to family and friends, blending into the high-profile MMA world, dealing with Kage's sketchy uncle. But behind Kage's mask of strength and indifference lies a crippling vulnerability, and a devastating secret. As the mask comes off, past traumas surface, dark desires spin out of control, and the damaged fighter is driven to hurt the man he loves more than life itself.
      Dare You To
Ryan lowers his lips to my ear. Dance with me, Beth.No. I whisper the reply. I hate him and I hate myself for wanting him to touch me again....I dare you...If anyone knew the truth about Beth Risk's home life, they'd send her mother to jail and seventeen-year-old Beth who knows where. So she protects her mom at all costs. Until the day her uncle swoops in and forces Beth to choose between her mom's freedom and her own happiness. That's how Beth finds herself living with an aunt who doesn't want her and going to a school that doesn't understand her. At all. Except for the one guy who shouldn't get her, but does....Ryan Stone is the town golden boy, a popular baseball star jock-with secrets he can't tell anyone. Not even the friends he shares everything with, including the constant dares to do crazy things. The craziest? Asking out the Skater girl who couldn't be less interested in him.But what begins as a dare becomes an intense attraction neither Ryan nor Beth expected. Suddenly, the boy with the flawless image risks his dreams-and his life-for the girl he loves, and the girl who won't let anyone get too close is daring herself to want it all....
      The Game of Love
Chris St. James is ready for normal. After walking away from her pro tennis career and a toxic relationship with a star hockey player, she's starting a new life as a teacher and tennis coach in a small town. Now all she needs is an average guy to share it with. Brett Wallace is no average guy. Forced to retire from the Nfl after an injury—and suddenly single after being dumped by his status-conscious wife—he's returned to his hometown to coach the varsity football team. Wary of women interested only in his celebrity, Brett finds Chris's indifference to his former career refreshing. The last thing Chris needs is to get involved with another pro athlete, but she can't deny the sparks that fly between them. So she agrees to a purely physical, no-strings-attached affair. But the rules of the game change when she falls for him…85,000 words
      Rafa
What makes a champion? What does it take to be the best in the world at your sport? Rafael Nadal has the answers. In his memoir, written with award-winning journalist John Carlin, he reveals the secrets of his game and shares the inspiring personal story behind his success. It begins in Mallorca, where the tight-knit Nadal family has lived for generations. Coached by his uncle Toni from the age of four and taught humility and respect by his parents, Nadal has managed the uncommon feat of becoming an acclaimed global celebrity while remaining a gracious, hardworking role model for people in all walks of life. Now he takes us behind the scenes, from winning the Wimbledon 2008 final-described by John McEnroe as the greatest game of tennis he had ever seen-to the family problems that brought him low in 2009 and the numerous injuries that have threatened his career. With candor and intelligence, Nadal brings readers on his dramatic and triumphant journey, never losing sight of the prize he values above all others: the unity and love of his family. From RAFA: During a match, you are in a permanent battle to fight back your everyday vulnerabilities, bottle up your human feelings. The more bottled up they are, the greater your chances of winning, so long as you've trained as hard as you play and the gap in talent is not too wide between you and your rival. The gap in talent with Federer existed, but it was not impossibly wide. It was narrow enough, even on his favorite surface in the tournament he played best, for me to know that if I silenced the doubts and fears, and exaggerated hopes, inside my head better than he did, I could beat him. You have to cage yourself in protective armor, turn yourself into a bloodless warrior. It's a kind of self-hypnosis, a game you play, with deadly seriousness, to disguise your own weaknesses from yourself, as well as from your rival.
      The Penalty Box
He's a professional hockey player that lives on the edge. I prefer to play life by the rules. I m the personal assistant at a sports agency that no one notices.Unless they need coffee.I don t like sports and I like professional athletes even less.I m indifferent to the mostly male clientele, except for one.Mica the savage  Petrov.When it comes to wild antics, Mica is the biggest offender of them all.He's eckless, wild and carelessly charming.I m mortified that I find him attractive.But it doesn t matter because the guy hasn t taken a second look at me.Not once. In two years.Mica's career jeopardizing situation requires drastic measures to be taken to keep him in the game. He's ot money, I ve got debt and my boss has a crazy idea.Which is how I found myself stepping up to save him from himself.But at what cost?How long can I keep fighting my attraction?What ghosts from his past is he brawling with?All I know is that I need to defend my heart before this big defenseman steals it away.Can we win this game? Or is it too late for either of us?The Penalty Box: Fighting Love Has Consequences.
      String Theory: David Foster Wallace on Tennis
An instant classic of American sportswriting—the tennis essays of David Foster Wallace, the best mind of his generation  (A. O. Scott) and the best tennis-writer of all time  (New York Times) Both a onetime near-great junior tennis player and a lifelong connoisseur of the finer points of the game, David Foster Wallace wrote about tennis with the authority of an insider, the showmanship of a literary pyrotechnician, and disarming admiration of an irrepressible fan. Including his masterful profiles of Roger Federer and Tracy Austin, String Theory gathers Wallace's five famous essays on tennis, pieces that have been hailed by sportswriters and literary critics alike as some of the greatest and most innovative magazine writing in recent memory. Whiting Award-winning journalist John Jeremiah Sullivan provides an introduction.
      Barbarian Days: A Surfing Life
A deeply rendered self-portrait of a lifelong surfer by the acclaimed New Yorker writerBarbarian Days is William Finnegan's emoir of an obsession, a complex enchantment. Surfing only looks like a sport. To initiates, it is something else entirely: a beautiful addiction, a demanding course of study, a morally dangerous pastime, a way of life. Raised in California and Hawaii, Finnegan started surfing as a child. He has chased waves all over the world, wandering for years through the South Pacific, Australia, Asia, Africa. A bookish boy, and then an excessively adventurous young man, he went on to become a distinguished writer and war reporter. Barbarian Days takes us deep into unfamiliar worlds, some of them right under our noses—off the coasts of New York and San Francisco. It immerses the reader in the edgy camaraderie of close male friendships annealed in challenging waves.Finnegan shares stories of life in a whites-only gang in a tough school in Honolulu even while his closest friend was a Hawaiian surfer. He shows us a world turned upside down for kids and adults alike by the social upheavals of the 1960s. He details the intricacies of famous waves and his own apprenticeships to them. Youthful folly—he drops LSD while riding huge Honolua Bay, on Maui—is served up with rueful humor. He and a buddy, their knapsacks crammed with reef charts, bushwhack through Polynesia. They discover, while camping on an uninhabited island in Fiji, one of the world's reatest waves. As Finnegan's ravels take him ever farther afield, he becomes an improbable anthropologist: unpicking the picturesque simplicity of a Samoan fishing village, dissecting the sexual politics of Tongan interactions with Americans and Japanese, navigating the Indonesian black market while nearly succumbing to malaria. Throughout, he surfs, carrying readers with him on rides of harrowing, unprecedented lucidity.Barbarian Days is an old-school adventure story, an intellectual autobiography, a social history, a literary road movie, and an extraordinary exploration of the gradual mastering of an exacting, little understood art. Today, Finnegan's urfing life is undiminished. Frantically juggling work and family, he chases his enchantment through Long Island ice storms and obscure corners of Madagascar.
      You Can't Make This Up: Miracles, Memories, and the Perfect Marriage of Sports and Television
In this highly entertaining and insightful memoir, one of television's ost respected broadcasters interweaves the story of his life and career with lively firsthand tales of some of the most thrilling events and fascinating figures in modern sports.No sportscaster has covered more major sporting events than Al Michaels. Over the course of his forty-plus year career, he has logged more hours on live network television than any other broadcaster in history, and is the only play-by-play commentator to have covered all four major sports championships: the Super Bowl, World Series, NBA Finals, and the Stanley Cup Final. He has also witnessed first-hand some of the most memorable events in modern sports, and in this highly personal and revealing account, brings them vividly to life.Michaels shares never-before-told stories from his early years and his rise to the top, covering some of the greatest moments of the past half century—from the Miracle on Ice —the historic 1980 Olympic hockey finals—to the earthquake that rocked the 1989 World Series. Some of the greatest names on and off the field are here—Michael Jordan, Bill Walton, Pete Rose, Bill Walsh, Peyton and Eli Manning, Brett Favre, John Madden, Howard Cosell, Cris Collinsworth, and many, many more.Forthright and down-to-earth, Michaels tells the truth as he sees it, giving readers unique insight into the high drama, the colorful players, and the heroes and occasional villains of an industry that has become a vital part of modern culture.
      Coming in from the Cold
He can t have her. And he can t tell anyone why.Ski racer Dane Danger Hollister does not do relationships, though he keeps his reason a secret. The real-life curse he's inherited from his mother will eventually cost him everything: his place on the Olympic ski team, his endorsement income, and his ability to fly downhill at top speed.Reluctant country girl Willow Reade meets Dane by accident. Literally. Her skidding truck forces him off the road during a blizzard. Stranded together in his Jeep as night falls, the two loneliest people in Vermont find themselves sharing more than they'd planned. And not just conversation.Yet neither can guess how their unlikely tryst will threaten Dane's frightening secret and Willow's tentative peace with her own choices. Only mutual trust and understanding can end their pain and give them a hard won shot at love.PREVIOUSLY RELEASED BY HARLEQUIN WITH A DIFFERENT COVER IMAGE.
      Worth the Chance
Meet Liv MichaelsIt may have been seven years, but I d know him anywhere. Sure, he's rown, filled out in all the right places, but his captivating blue eyes and cocky grin are exactly the way I remember. Even though I d much rather forget.Liv Michaels is almost there. She's mart, determined and weeks away from landing the job she's reamed about for years. Time healed old wounds, even her broken heart from the devastation of being crushed by her first love.Meet Vince StoneWomen love a fighter, especially a good one. Lucky for me, I m damn good. But there's ne woman that isn t interested. Not again, anyway. Vince ‘The Invincible  Stone is every woman's antasy…strong, sexy, confident and completely in control. Growing up surrounded by chaos, he's earned never to get too attached. Love will drag you down. He adores women, treats them well, puts their own needs before his own…for the night anyway. With the biggest fight of his life coming up, his focus should be on training.When fate brings Vince & Liv back together again, there's o denying the chemistry is still there. But can Vince erase the old scars their past left behind? Or will Liv hurt him instead?
      Mexican Whiteboy
Danny's tall and skinny. Even though he's ot built, his arms are long enough to give his pitch a power so fierce any college scout would sign him on the spot. Ninety-five mile an hour fastball, but the boy's ot even on a team. Every time he gets up on the mound he loses it.But at his private school, they don t expect much else from him. Danny 's rown. Half-Mexican brown. And growing up in San Diego that close to the border means everyone else knows exactly who he is before he even opens his mouth. Before they find out he can t speak Spanish, and before they realize his mom has blond hair and blue eyes, they ve got him pegged. But it works the other way too. And Danny's onvinced it's is whiteness that sent his father back to Mexico. That's hy he's pending the summer with his dad's amily. Only, to find himself, he may just have to face the demons he refuses to see--the demons that are right in front of his face. And open up to a friendship he never saw coming.Set in the alleys and on the ball fields of San Diego County, Mexican Whiteboy is a story of friendship, acceptance, and the struggle to find your identity in a world of definitions.
      Baseball
4 cassettes / 4 hoursRead by Ken BurnsThe companion AudioBook to Ken Burns's magnificent PBS Television SeriesThe authors of the acclaimed and history-making bestseller The Civil War now turn to another defining American phenomenon. Their subject is Baseball.During eight months of the year, it is played professionally every day; all year round, amateurs play it, watch it, and dream about it. Baseball produces remarkable Americans: it seizes hold of ordinary people and shapes them into something we must regard with awe. Babe Ruth, Jackie Robinson, Joe DiMaggio . . . truly gifted human beings acting out universal fantasies that, for whatever reason, are most perfectly expressed on a baseball field.All this and more rings through Ward and Burns's moving, crowded, fascinating history of the game - a history that goes beyond stolen bases, triple plays, and home runs to demonstrate how baseball has been influenced by, and has in turn influenced our national life: politics, race, labor, big business, advertising, and social custom. The audio covers every milestone of the game: from the rules drawn up in 1845 by Alexander Cartwright to the founding of the Brotherhood of Professional Base Ball Players in 1885, from the 1924 Negro World Series through Jack Roosevelt Robinson's major-league debut in 1947, and Nolan Ryan's seventh and last no-hitter in 1991.Monumental, affecting, informative, and entertaining - Baseball is an audio that speaks to all Americans.
      Coming Back Stronger: Unleashing the Hidden Power of Adversity
When a potentially career-ending shoulder injury left quarterback Drew Brees without a team—and facing the daunting task of having to learn to throw a football all over again—coaches around the Nfl wondered, Will he ever come back? After Hurricane Katrina devastated New Orleans, leaving more than 80 percent of the city underwater, many wondered, Will the city ever come back? And with their stadium transformed into a makeshift refugee camp, forcing the Saints to play their entire 2005 season on the road, people questioned, Will the Saints ever come back? It takes a special person to turn adversity into success and despair into hope—yet that is exactly what Super Bowl MVP Drew Brees has done—and with the weight of an entire city on his shoulders. Coming Back Stronger is the ultimate comeback story, not only of one of the Nfl's op quarterbacks, but also of a city and a team that many had all but given up on. Brees's nspiring message of hope and encouragement proves that with enough faith, determination, and heart, you can overcome any obstacle life throws your way and not only come back, but come back stronger.
      Fair Play
A little competition never hurt anybody...Theresa Falconetti has it all: brains, beauty, a quick wit, and her own PR business. To the Deep disappointment of her large family, she never dates Italians, men from her old Brooklyn neighborhood, or professional athletes. Especially not athletes...Michael Dante, popular hometown hero and winger for the Stanley Cup champion New York Blades is all three—and he is head over heels for her.For Michael, Theresa's NO HOCKEY PLAYERS rule is a check to the heart. Nothing he does seems to melt her resolve. His stubborn refusal to give up on this wisecracking brunette, who—he knows—is hiding from her roots, is driving them both nuts. And whe he hires her to publicize his family's restaurant, more than the kitchen heats up. Then Theresa finds herself an Upper East Side kind of guy and Micheal is forced to take his game to the next level.IT'S FACE OFF TIME...
      Lucky
Dominic Ramos is a Premiership football player with a secret. There are no trophies for being gay in his game. Locked into his rep as the meanest defender on the pitch, keeping his secret is soul-crushing, but love has no place in his sport, even if his soft heart craves it.  Lucky Coleman is on his knees when he meets a man with more money than sense. It's  Grindr hook-up for cash, not a love match, but dreaming of his desperate, kind eyes earns a place amongst his numerous bad habits.  Meeting once was risky, twice pushes Dom's ourage to the limit. Losing Lucky seems inevitable, but his tight grip on his image counts for nothing when Lucky starts to fall.  Catching him could cost Dom everything, but if he can set his heart free, getting Lucky long term might be a risk worth taking.
      Coming Up for Air
Swim. Eat. Shower. School. Snack. Swim. Swim. Swim. Dinner. Homework. Bed. Repeat.All of Maggie's ocus and free time is spent swimming. She's ot only striving to earn scholarships—she's raining to qualify for the Olympics. It helps that her best friend, Levi, is also on the team and cheers her on. But Levi's lready earned an Olympic tryout, so Maggie feels even more pressure to succeed. And it's ot until Maggie's way on a college visit that she realizes how much of the typical  high school experience she's issed by being in the pool.Not one to shy away from a challenge, Maggie decides to squeeze the most out of her senior year. First up? Making out with a guy. And Levi could be the perfect candidate. After all, they already spend a lot of time together. But as Maggie slowly starts to uncover new feelings for Levi, how much is she willing to sacrifice in the water to win at love?
      Delayed Penalty
A minor penalty that is not called until the offending team gains control of the puck. As long as the non-offending team maintains possession, the referee allows play to continue and signals a delayed penalty by raising his arm.I m Evan Mason, an NHL hockey player for the Chicago Blackhawks. I spend my nights roughing up two hundred pound defensemen and, at times, spend more time in the penalty box than I do on the ice.That's y job. One night changed everything I thought I once knew about my life on, and off, the ice. A girl. A brutally beaten girl left to die in an alley.I don t know why or how but something made me stay that night after taking her to the hospital. I didn t know her, nor did I have an obligation to stay but something inside of me rooted me there telling me I should stay. Saving a life is worth something. At least I thought so. And I wouldn t have been me if I just simply left her there. Any man who put his heart and soul into a game of hockey couldn t just walk away when someone needed them. She had no one else right now. The same guy who saw determination where there was desire, now saw hope where there was once despair.I couldn t leave. That wouldn t be me. No, not a man that put all he had into something some called just a game. I couldn t walk away from her holding onto life, weak and powerless to something she had no control over.So I stayed. In a room full of family members praying for their loved ones to pull through, I prayed for a girl I didn t know and had never met before, to have a beating heart. While others  sorrows turned to grieving pain, I sat waiting on the words of the unknown.No bond is stronger than the ones you ll bleed for.
      Ladies and Gentlemen, the Bronx is Burning: 1977, Baseball, Politics, and the Battle for the Soul of a City
A New York Times Notable Book of the Year Scheduled for release in July 2007 as an ESPN original miniseries, starring John Turturro as Billy Martin, Oliver Platt as George Steinbrenner, and Daniel Sunjata as Reggie Jackson. A kaleidoscopic portrait of New York City in 1977, The Bronx Is Burning is the story of two epic battles: the fight between Yankee Reggie Jackson and team manager Billy Martin, and the battle between Mario Cuomo and Ed Koch for the city's mayorship. Buried beneath these parallel conflicts--one for the soul of baseball, the other for the soul of the city--was the subtext of race. Deftly intertwined by journalist Jonathan Mahler, these braided Big Apple narratives reverberate to reveal a year that also saw the opening of Studio 54, the acquisition of the New York Post by Rupert Murdoch, a murderer dubbed the Son of Sam, the infamous blackout, and the evolution of punk rock. As Koch defeated Cuomo, and as Reggie Jackson rescued a team racked with dissension, 1977 became a year of survival--and also of hope.
      A Deeper Blue
A year ago, Kelly Cannon couldn t imagine he d end up with his formerly straight best friend. It's ard to believe he can finally kiss Blue any time he wants… as long as they re in private. And there's he rub. Despite Kelly's romise to wait until Blue is ready to come out, he's ired of sneaking around. The cracks in their relationship are starting to show, and there might not be enough spackle in the world to fix them. Britton Blue  Montgomery may not be the physics brainiac his boyfriend is, but he's ot stupid. He knows Kelly isn t completely happy. But he's ot ready to be the poster boy for bisexuals and gays in the Nfl. He just wants to keep his head down, play the game he loves, and go home to the man he adores. Is that too much to ask? With the truth slowly coming to the surface, Blue must make a choice. If it means losing Kelly, there's o decision to make…. He has to find enough courage to face the music and hope they ll survive the fallout. Man. Happily-ever-afters may not be just for Disney princesses, but they sure are a lot of work.
      Penalty
He's he bad boy quarterback of Boston University's football team. As the son of a former Nfl player, he's howered with attention and praise twenty-four-seven. One flash of his smile and all the girls fall at his feet - or should I say to their knees? And then there's e.  Brady Lincoln is the last person I want attention from. He's he kind of guy my father warned me about. His play on the field is legendary and his play with the ladies, even more so. I ve managed to stay off his radar until recently.  What happens when the cocky quarterback breaks all the rules to win my heart? 
      Showtime: Magic, Kareem, Riley, and the Los Angeles Lakers Dynasty of the 1980s
The New York Times bestselling author of Sweetness delivers the first all-encompassing account of the 1980s Los Angeles Lakers, one of professional sports  most-revered—and dominant—dynasties.   The Los Angeles Lakers of the 1980s personified the flamboyance and excess of the decade over which they reigned. Beginning with the arrival of Earvin Magic Johnson as the number-one overall pick of the 1979 draft, the Lakers played basketball with gusto and pizzazz, unleashing their famed Showtime run-and-gun style on a league unprepared for their speed and ferocity—and became the most captivating show in sports and, arguably, in all-around American entertainment. The Lakers  roster overflowed with exciting all-star-caliber players, including center Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, and they were led by the incomparable Pat Riley, known for his slicked-back hair, his Armani suits, and his arrogant strut. Hollywood's iggest celebrities lined the court and gorgeous women flocked to the arena. Best of all, the team was a winner. Between 1980 and 1991, the Lakers played in an unmatched nine NBA championship series, capturing five of them. Bestselling sportswriter Jeff Pearlman draws from almost three hundred interviews to take the first full measure of the Lakers  epic Showtime era. A dazzling account of one of America's reatest sports sagas, Showtime is packed with indelible characters, vicious rivalries, and jaw-dropping, behind-the-scenes stories of the players  decadent Hollywood lifestyles.  From the Showtime era's emarkable rise to its tragic end—marked by Magic Johnson's1991 announcement that he had contracted HIV—Showtime is a gripping narrative of sports, celebrity, and 1980s-style excess.
      Waiting on the Sidelines
Librarian note: alternate-cover edition of 9780615788746.Nolan Lennox had things figured out. Named after a baseball legend, she enjoyed being the Tomboy, her closet filled with her brother's and-me-downs, cut-off jeans and soccer shorts. But when her first trip to high school results in a broken heart from the first boy to ever make her heart flutter and cruel words from an older girl she once thought a family friend, Nolan starts to question the very person she thought she was and wonders if her humble upbringing can compete with the afforded luxuries of her privileged peers.Throughout the next four years, Nolan struggles to maintain herself throughout her path of discovery, learning just how cruel teenagers can be through the pressures of underage drinking, sexuality and class. And despite how life seems to continue to work against her, she still manages to listen to her heart, falling deeper and deeper for the guy the entire town adores, even if he only sees her as a friend. Can Nolan strike a compromise between her own integrity and the boy she loves? And can she make him notice her before it's oo late?Reed Johnson came to Coolidge High School with a lot of fanfare. The son of a hometown football legend and the brother of a local football hero, Reed wore all the pressures of carrying a town without hope into the spotlight. Thankfully, he had the talent to back it up. But when he meets a girl who makes him think twice about exactly what being a hero means, he starts to wonder if following in his brother's ootsteps might be all wrong. Nolan Lennox was everything that was opposite of expected. She didn t flirt, she didn t drink and she didn t sleep around. Nothing about her was easy, but something about her made Reed want to try harder. Though she didn t look the part, she seemed to be spending a lot of time in Reed's houghts, and he wondered if she could be the one who made it all worthwhile. But could Reed handle letting her down? And would breaking her heart break him beyond repair?Waiting on the Sidelines explores young love to its fullest, exposing how real young heartbreak and passion is and how important it is to discover yourself and hold onto your own identity. The story follows two young characters as they deal with mature situations, including the prevalence of bullying and promiscuity in today's igh school setting. Ultimately, Waiting on the Sidelines is a story of hope, honesty and those powerful, first true loves—the ones worth holding onto at any cost.
      The Big Field
For Hutch, shortstop has always been home. It's where his father once played professionally, before injuries relegated him to watching games on TV instead of playing them. And it's where Hutch himself has always played and starred. Until now. The arrival of Darryl 'D-Will' Williams, the top shortstop prospect from florida since A-Rod, means Hutch is displaced, in more ways than one. Second base feels like second fiddle, and when he sees his father giving fielding tips to D-Will (the same father who can't be bothered to show up to watch his son play) Hutch feels betrayed. With the summer league championship on the line, just how far is Hutch willing to bend to be a good teammate? Mike Lupica returns to the big field for the first time since his #1 New York Times bestseller Heat and delivers a feel-good home run, showing how love of the game is a language fathers and sons speak from the heart.
      Pretty Reckless
From USA Today and Washington Post bestselling author L.J. Shen comes an intense, high school enemies-to-lovers romance with a twist.   Penn  They say revenge is a dish best served cold. I d had four years to stew on what Daria Followhill did to me, and now my heart was completely iced. I took her first kiss. She took the only thing I loved. I was poor. She was rich. The good thing about circumstances? They can change. Fast. Now, I m her parents  latest shiny project. Her housemate. Her tormentor. The captain of the rival football team she hates so much. Yeah, baby girl, say it—I m your foster brother. There's  price to pay for ruining the only good thing in my life, and she's bout to shell out some serious tears. Daria Followhill thinks she is THE queen. I m about to prove to her that she's othing but a spoiled princess.  Daria  Everyone loves a good old unapologetic punk. But being a bitch? Oh, you get slammed for every snarky comment, cynical eye roll, and foot you put in your adversaries  way. The thing about stiletto heels is that they make a hell of a dent when you walk all over the people who try to hurt you. In Penn Scully's ase, I pierced his heart until he bled out, then left it in a trash can on a bright summer day. Four years ago, he asked me to save all my firsts for him. Now he lives across the hall, and I want nothing more than to be his last everything. His parting words when he gave me his heart were that nothing in this world is free. Now? Now he is making me pay. 
      Big Game: The Nfl in Dangerous Times
From the #1 New York Times bestselling author of This Town, an equally merciless probing of America's biggest cultural force, pro football, at a moment of peak success and high anxiety.Like millions of Americans, Mark Leibovich has spent more of his life than he'd care to admit tuned into pro football. Being a lifelong New England Patriots fan meant growing up with a steady diet of lovable loserdom. That is until the Tom Brady/Bill Belichick era made the Pats the most ruthlessly efficient sports dynasty of the 21st century, its organization the most polarizing in the Nfl, and its fans the most irritating in all of Pigskin America. Leibovich kept his obsession relatively private, in the meantime making a nice career for himself covering that other playground for rich and overgrown children, American politics. Still, every now and then Leibovich would reach out to Tom Brady to gauge his willingness to subject himself to a profile in the New York Times Magazine. He figured that the chances of Brady agreeing to this were a Hail Mary at best, but Leibovich kept trying, at least to indulge his fan-boy within. To his surprise, Brady returned the call, in the summer of 2014. He agreed to let Mark spend time with him through the coming season, which proved to be a fateful one for all parties. It included another epic Patriots Super Bowl win and, yes, a scandal involving Brady--Deflategate--whose grip on sports media was as profound as its true significance was ridiculous.So began a four-year odyssey that has taken Mark Leibovich deeper inside the Nfl than anyone has gone before. Ultimately, this is a chronicle of what may come to be seen as peak football--the high point of the sport's economic success and cultural dominance, but also the moment when it all began to turn. From the owners meeting to the Nfl draft to the sidelines of crucial games, he takes in the show, at the elbow of everyone from Brady to Cowboys owner Jerry Jones to the Nfl Commissioner, Roger Goodell, who is cordially hated by even casual football fans to an extent that is almost weird. It is an era of explosive revenue growth, as deluxe new stadiums spring up all over the country, but also one of creeping existential fear. Football was never thought to be easy on the body--players joke darkly that the Nfl stands for not for long for good reason. But as the impact of concussions on brains became has become the inescapable ear-ring in the background, it became increasingly difficult to enjoy the simple glory of football without the buzz-kill of its obvious toll.And that was before Donald Trump. In 2016, Mark Leibovich's day job caught up with him, and the Nfl slammed headlong into America's culture wars. Big Game is a journey through an epic storm. Through it all, Leibovich always keeps one eye cocked on Tom Brady and his beloved Patriots, through to the end of the 2017-1018 season. Pro football, this hilarious and enthralling book proves, may not be the sport America needs, but it is most definitely the sport we deserve.
      Ruin
I'm not your typical girl. I've been running away from the memories that haunt me for so long that depression has become my only comfort. I was content in the darkness...until Wes Michals offered to be my light.I didn't know that time wasn't my ally -- that every second that ticked past was one step closer to the end of something that was beginning to mean the end of myself. He tried to warn me. He promised me all he was able to offer--each moment as it came--but it would never be enough.Sometimes when you think it's the end, it's only the beginning. Wes thought he could save me, but in giving me everything, he ruined me. Because after one kiss, one touch, I couldn't--I wouldn't ever be the same.And from that moment on, his heartbeat became my own.
      The Junction Boys: How 10 Days in Hell with Bear Bryant Forged a Champion Team
The legendary Paul Bear Bryant is recognized nationwide as one of the greatest coaches ever. So why did he always cite his 1-9 A&M team of 1954 as his favorite? This is the story of a remarkable team--and the beginning of the legend.The Junction Boys tells the story of Coach Paul Bear Bryant's legendary training camp in the small town of Junction, Texas. In a move that many consider the salvation of the Texas A&M football program, Coach Bryant put 115 players through the most grueling practices ever imagined. Only a handful of players survived the entire 10 days, but they braved the intense heat of the Texas sun and the burning passion of their coach, and turned a floundering team into one of the nation's best. The Junction Boys is more than just a story of tough practices without water breaks. An extraordinary fellowship was forged from the mind-numbing pain. The thirty-five survivors bonded together like no other team in America. They profited from the Junction experience; the knowledge they took back with them to College Station, about themselves and what they were capable of, would be used for the rest of their lives.In vivid and powerful images reminiscent of Friday Night Lights, Hoosiers, and The Last Picture Show, these young men and their driven coach come to life. The Junction Boys contains all the hallmarks of a classic sports story, and it combines America's love of college football with an extraordinary story of perseverance and triumph.
      The Lineup
Want to know a secret?  It's about that girl over there. Don t look, but she's he one in the power suit—with the long, black hair and the serious expression, the one I m about to go on a date with . . .  Yeah, according to her, she accidentally  donated an obscene amount of money to my charity — The Lineup — to win said date but I found out the truth. Miss. Button Up Blouse has a secret, passionate crush on me.  I didn t know her name until two days ago, despite the friends we have in common. Was I oblivious? Probably. Was I blind to it? Definitely.  But I m no fool, I see it now. The High Heel Harlot wants more than just a date with Jason Orson, she wants to be able to claim the best butt in baseball as hers.  Here's another secret . . . she has no idea I know.
      Dear Ava
WSJ bestselling author Ilsa Madden-Mills delivers a gripping enemies-to-lovers, secret admirer, high school romance.The rich and popular Sharks rule at prestigious, ivy-covered Camden Prep. Once upon a time, I wanted to be part of their world--until they destroyed me.The last thing I expected was an anonymous love letter from one of them.Please. I hate every one of those rich jerks for what they did to me. The question is, which Shark is my secret admirer?Knox, the scarred quarterback.Dane, his twin brother.Or Chance, the ex who dumped me. . .Dear Ava,Your eyes are the color of the Caribbean Sea.Wait. That's stupid.What I really mean is, you look at me and I feel something REAL.It's been ten months since you were here, but I can't forget you.I've missed seeing you walk down the hall.I've missed you cheering at my football games.I've missed the smell of your hair.And then everything fell apart the night of the kegger.Don't hate me because I'm a Shark.I just want to make you mine.Still.Mature Content. Recommended for 18+.A short excerpt of Dear Ava appeared in Team Player 2. (No longer available) This all-new, full-length version is 376 pages and 100,000 words.
      Keeper
 They were best friends until they became roommates. Booker Harris has spent the last several years pushing himself to become the best goalkeeper in the Championship League. Tired of living in the shadows of his headline-splashing brothers, he has finally carved a path of his own.As a child, Poppy McAdams was content in her own little make-believe world, until the boy next door with dimples and pained eyes came barreling into her makeshift fort demanding all her attention.Best friends for most of their lives, everything changes when Poppy abruptly leaves London for University.Now she is back, and gone is the awkward girl from Booker's youth. She has been replaced by a stunning woman with secrets. 
Secrets that Booker is desperate to know.
Sharing a bedroom wall with your best friend from childhood quickly turns to anything but sweet and innocent.
      Playing to Win
Colin MacDuff has nothing. Growing up in a Glasgow slum, he learned never to trust, never to cry—and never EVER to be at the mercy of anyone, especially rich men. So how did he end up half-naked at a rave with Scotland's ottest young aristocrat? Lord Andrew Sunderland has everything. From ancestral castle to posh prep school, he's pent his life wrapping others around his wee finger. With a social circle full of celebrities and politicians, nothing can stop Andrew's ise to the top. Nothing, that is, save his desire for a dirt-poor, wolf-eyed footballer whose scars and tattoos tell unbearable tales. Colin and Andrew come from different worlds, believe in different worlds, want different worlds. Yet every time they touch, all worlds fall away. Set amid the fiery Scottish-independence struggle, this searing gay romance tells the story of two men who must lose everything to win each other's hearts.
      Rushing the Goal
Introduced in Toni Aleo's ellevue Bullies Series, it's he Sinclair brothers  big sister's urn to find love in the next installment of the New York Times and USA Today best-selling series, the Assassins.Lucy Sinclair was no stranger to pain.She grew up with three younger brothers, met a bad boy, got pregnant by him, married him, and then suffered through a nasty divorce from him. Pain. That was pain. To top it off, she even had to go through the heartbreaking divorce of her parents. Through it all, she survived. All she cared about was making sure her daughter was happy and taken care of. Despite an ex-husband hell-bent on ruining her life, she fought to overcome. She's otten to the point that she's kay with being just okay. She never cared about herself because she never had the time. It was Angie and only Angie she focused on, but that all changed when Benji Paxton offered to help her daughter on the ice.Benji knew the moment he saw Lucy, he d never be the same. Especially when she came with the bundle of crazy that was her daughter. His heart wasn t ready for them. After years spent sobering up and finding who he was without the alcohol, he never forgot he was being punished for not appreciating the love he had when he was younger. Because of his past, he had gotten used to being alone, a recluse, but even he had to admit it was getting old. He was lonely. Hockey wasn t enough anymore. He wanted a family; he wanted his true love.And Lucy and Angie were just that.They were just two lost souls.floating through life with no purpose.But finding each other gave them direction, a chance at a future.And had them both Rushing the Goal to be together.
      Fab Five: Basketball, Trash Talk, the American Dream
Fans of the New York Times bestseller A Season on the Brink will savor this in-depth look at Michigan's Fab Five, the all-freshmen starting basketball team that wowed the country and stormed through the 1992 NCAA college basketball tournament. 16 pages of photos.
      The Numbers Game: Baseball's Lifelong Fascination with Statistics
Most baseball fans, players and even team executives assume that the national pastime's infatuation with statistics is simply a by-product of the information age, a phenomenon that blossomed only after the arrival of Bill James and computers in the 1980s. They couldn't be more wrong.In this award-winning book, Alan Schwarz - whom bestselling Moneyball author Michael Lewis calls one of today's best baseball journalists - provides the first-ever history of baseball statistics, showing how baseball and its numbers have been inseparable ever since the pastime's birth in 1845. He tells the history of this obsession through the lives of the people who felt it most: Henry Chadwick, the 19th-century writer who invented the first box score and harped endlessly about which statistics mattered and which did not; Allan Roth, Branch Rickey's right-hand numbers man with the late-1940s Brooklyn Dodgers; Earnshaw Cook, a scientist and Manhattan Project veteran who retired to pursue inventing the perfect baseball statistic; John Dewan, a former Strat-O-Matic maven who built STATS Inc. into a multimillion-dollar powerhouse for statistics over the Internet; and dozens more.Schwarz paints a history not just of baseball statistics, but of the soul of the sport itself. Named as ESPN's 2004 Baseball Book of the Year, The Numbers Game will be an invaluable part of any fan's library and go down as one of the sport's classic books.
      Harvey Penick's Little Red Book: Lessons and Teachings From a Lifetime of Golf
THE CLASSIC BOOK OF GOLF WISDOM FROM THE GAME'S GREATEST TEACHER The Little Red Book has become required reading for all players and fans of the game of golf, from beginners to seasoned pros. The legendary Harvey Penick, who began his golfing career as a caddie in Austria, Texas, at the age of eight, worked with an amazing array of champions over the course of nearly a century, dispensing invaluable wisdom to golfers of every level. Penick simplifies the technical jargon of other instructional books and communicates the very essence of the game, and his Little Red Book is full of inspiration and homespun wisdom that reflects at once his great love of golf as well as his great talent for teaching.
      Out of Bounds
The first rule of football--don't screw with a streak.My career is finally looking up, and I'm leading a new pro team down the field every Sunday. No way will I mess with that. But when I meet the most stunning and captivating woman I've ever seen, I tell myself one night will have to be enough. But it's not. And now I can't get her out of my mind. Even when I'm playing. Even when I need to focus. Even when I m on the hottest streak of my life. And it turns out, she's not just some random woman I met. She works for the team. My team.***I only have one goal this season--do my part as the team's lawyer to keep them out of trouble. Help rebuild their reputation on and off the field. There's no room for error and certainly no room for a secret tryst with a player . . . even if he's the quarterback.Right?
      Curveball
The bad boys of baseball, they are the top power hitters of the Richmond Rogues, and the team's best hope for a shot at the World Series. But when all three have to be benched for brawling, it's the beginning of a whole new ball game, and the opposing team could win something more than a trophy--these ladies are after their hearts. At the top of the ninth, with the bases loaded, each man realizes that happiness is just within reach, even when love throws a...Curveball.
      Rome 1960: The Olympics That Changed the World
From the New York Times-bestselling author of Clemente and When Pride Still Mattered comes the blockbuster story of the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome--17 days that helped define the modern world.
      Tomboy
How exactly has one good deed landed me in the penalty box?Ice Knights defenseman Zach Blackburn has come down with the flu, and my BFF—his PR manager—begs me to put my nursing degree to use and get him back to health. Of course she would call in a favor for the most hated man in Harbor City.But when he's inally on the mend and I m sneaking out of his place, everything goes sideways. Paparazzi spot me and pictures, plus accusations that I slept with him, fly faster than a hockey puck.At first, all of Harbor City wants my blood—or to give me a girlie-girl makeover. But then…the team finally wins a game. And now this fickle town wants me with the big jerk twenty-four seven.Argh. I never slept with him the first time! But no one will listen. Then the grumpy bastard goes and promises to break his no-fan-appearances rule to help raise money for a free health clinic—but only if I m rink-side at every game. That's ot a deal I can turn down.But when the team keeps winning, and I realize there's ore to him than his bad reputation, suddenly remembering to keep my real hands off my fake date gets harder and harder to do.
      Jacked Up
She's holding tight. He's hanging loose.Eve Monroe is a stock-car PR pro who puts her career first--until an on-track wardrobe malfunction reveals more than the sexy smile of jackman Nolan Ford. The video's become an internet sensation, and it's Eve's job to calm the sponsors and put a spin on the unexpected exposure. And they both have the same drive.It may be a public relations job, but now that Eve's seen what's under Nolan's crew suit, it's gotten personal. After a few dates she has Nolan pretty revved up. If only she'd learn to relax and enjoy it. Nolan's sure that the spontaneous birthday bash he's throwing for Eve in Las Vegas should loosen her up. Somewhere between cocktails and a smoking-hot motel-room derby, it does more than that. Now Eve's wrestling with feelings she never expected, as everything about her personal jackman gets harder than she ever imagined.
      Living on the Black
Pitchers are the heart of baseball, and John Feinstein tells the story of the game today through one season and two great pitchers working in the crucible of the New York media market. Tom Glavine and Mike Mussina have seen it all in the Major Leagues and both entered 2007 in search of individual milestones.
      Can I Keep My Jersey?: Eleven Teams, Six Years, Five Countries, and My So-called Career as a Professional Basketball Player
He's een called a journeyman. Even Paul wouldn t dispute that classification. Regardless, Bill Simmons, ESPN.com'sThe Sports Guy,  has said of Paul Shirley, We could finally have an answer to the question ‘What would it be like if one of our friends was an NBA player? There's o denying that Paul Shirley is the closest thing pro basketball's ot to Odysseus. In Homeric fashion, he has logged time practically everywhere in the roundball universe, from six NBA cities to pro leagues in Spain and Greece to North America's ro ball Siberia, the minor leagues. Hell, he's ven played in the real Siberia. And in Can I Keep My Jersey?, Shirley finally puts down roots long enough to deliver one of the great locker-room chronicles of the modern age. With sharp elbows and an even sharper wit, Shirley–whose writings have been described as wildly entertaining  by The Wall Street Journal–drops hilarious commentary, revealing which teams have the best cheerleaders (he's pent many a time-out watching them ply their trade), why Christ is rapidly becoming every team'ssixth man,  and even the best ways to get bloodstains out of your game uniform, using only an ordinary bar of soap and a hotel bathroom sink.From sharing the court with Kobe and Shaq to perusing the food court at some mall in a bush-league burg; from taking pregame layups to getting laid out by a stray knee from an NBA power forward; from hopping a limo to the team's harter jet to dashing to catch the van home from a B-league game in Tijuana, Shirley dishes on what it's ike to try to make it as a professional athlete. Can I Keep My Jersey? is a rollicking, thoughtful, even thought-provoking insider's ook at a pro baller's ife on the fringe. Like Jim Bouton's all Four or John Feinstein's  Season on the Brink, Shirley's dyssey deserves to find a home on every sports fan's ookshelf.
      Fraternize
Emerson just made her dream come true as a professional cheerleader for her favorite pro football team. But even though the plus-size athlete is breaking down boundaries, she still has to contend with the massive rulebook. Carbs? Nope. Chocolate? Definitely not. Still, Emerson loves her curves, and she ll rock the hell out of this job even if it kills her. Except for one mandate that is easier read than done…No fraternizing with the players.Problem one is Miller Quinton: Emerson's irst love, first sex, and the guy who still ignites her daydreams and R-rated fantasies. Thrown back together, Miller and Emerson feel the undeniable pull of passion again, even if the conflict that tore them apart seems insurmountable. Then there's ay-too-sexy Grant Sanchez. He has a serious reputation with the ladies, and when it comes to winning someone he wants, he doesn t let anyone stand in his way.Now Emerson is breaking every rule in the manual. But what she doesn t know is that she's art of a wicked little game—one that could steal both her dream and her heart.
      False Start
 The heat between them is impossible to ignore. But can they ever be anything but rivals?   Dante Mills has one more year to prove he can hack it in the Nfl. If he can't score attention from the scouts this season, he'll never be able to give his hard-working mom the life she deserves. The last thing he needs is more competition, but that's exactly what he gets when blond-haired, blue-eyed behemoth Mitchell Erickson walks into the locker room.  Mitchell Erickson has one year to prove he belongs on a football field. He's spent his whole life struggling to find acceptance in his family, and now his father's finally giving him the chance to follow his passion... for one season. If he doesn't bring the Tigers to victory, it's back to upholding the Erickson legacy in a suit and tie. But how can he possibly succeed when someone as talented as Dante stands between him and a starting position?  As if the tension between them wasn't high enough, Mitch is insanely attracted to the very straight linebacker. As the season ramps up and both men fight for their place on the team, a heated locker room encounter leaves Dante questioning everything he thought he knew about himself.  When Dante and Mitch work together, they're unstoppable. But can two men destined to be rivals ever be anything more?  False Start is a steamy, standalone gay romance novel with a HEA and no cliffhanger.
      Beautiful Disaster
The new Abby Abernathy is a good girl. She doesn t drink or swear, and she has the appropriate number of cardigans in her wardrobe. Abby believes she has enough distance from the darkness of her past, but when she arrives at college with her best friend, her path to a new beginning is quickly challenged by Eastern University's Walking One-Night Stand. Travis Maddox, lean, cut, and covered in tattoos, is exactly what Abby needs—and wants—to avoid. He spends his nights winning money in a floating fight ring, and his days as the ultimate college campus charmer. Intrigued by Abby's esistance to his appeal, Travis tricks her into his daily life with a simple bet. If he loses, he must remain abstinent for a month. If Abby loses, she must live in Travis's partment for the same amount of time. Either way, Travis has no idea that he has met his match.
      Legend
Maverick the Avenger  Cage wants to rise to the top and become a legend in the ring. Though he keeps his identity well guarded, he's known on the fighting circuit as the new kid with a chip on his shoulder and a tattoo on his back that marks him as trouble. He's got a personal score to settle with the Underground's one and only Remington Riptide Tate.As Mav trains, he meets a young girl—the only other new person in the town--and sparks fly. When things get heated between them, he finds out she's none other than Reese Dumas, the cousin of Remington Tate's ife. A girl who's supposed to root against him and a girl he's supposed to stay away from.But Maverick fights for the woman in his heart, and the monsters in his blood. The world's yes are on them and the victor will go down in history as the ultimate fighting champion; the ultimate LEGEND.
      The Catcher Was a Spy: The Mysterious Life of Moe Berg
The only Major League ballplayer whose baseball card is on display at the headquarters of the CIA, Moe Berg has the singular distinction of having both a 15-year career as a catcher for such teams as the New York Robins and the Chicago White Sox and that of a spy for the OSS during World War II. Here, Dawidoff provides a careful and sympathetic biography (Chicago Sun-Times) of this enigmatic man. Photos.
      The Big Bam: The Life and Times of Babe Ruth
He was the Sultan of Swat. The Caliph of Clout. The Wizard of Whack. The Bambino. And simply, to his teammates, the Big Bam. From the award-winning author of the New York Times bestseller Ted Williams comes the thoroughly original, definitively ambitious, and exhilaratingly colorful biography of the largest legend ever to loom in baseball—and in the history of organized sports.[Montville is] one of America's est sportswriters.  —Chicago TribuneBabe Ruth was more than baseball's riginal superstar. For eighty-five years, he has remained the sport's eigning titan. He has been named Athlete of the Century . . . more than once. But who was this large, loud, enigmatic man? Why is so little known about his childhood, his private life, and his inner thoughts? In The Big Bam, Leigh Montville, whose recent New York Times bestselling biography of Ted Williams garnered glowing reviews and offered an exceptionally intimate look at Williams's ife, brings his trademark touch to this groundbreaking, revelatory portrait of the Babe. Based on newly discovered documents and interviews—including pages from Ruth's ersonal scrapbooks —The Big Bam traces Ruth's ife from his bleak childhood in Baltimore to his brash entrance into professional baseball, from Boston to New York and into the record books as the world's ost explosive slugger and cultural luminary. Montville explores every aspect of the man, paying particular attention to the myths that have always surrounded him. Did he really hit the called shot  homer in the 1932 World Series? Were his home runs really the farthest balls ever hit  in countless ballparks around the country? Was he really part black—making him the first African American professional baseball superstar? And was Ruth the high-octane, womanizing, heavy-drinking fatso  of legend . . . or just a boyish, rudderless quasi-orphan who did, in fact, take his training and personal conditioning quite seriously?At a time when modern baseball is grappling with hyper-inflated salaries, free agency, and assorted controversies, The Big Bam brings back the pure glory days of the game. Leigh Montville operates at the peak of his abilities, exploring Babe Ruth in a way that intimately, and poignantly, illuminates a most remarkable figure.From the Trade Paperback edition.
      The Marriage Effect
Logan Ward doesn t want any more women in his life.Being a football player and legal guardian to his four younger sisters means his playbook is full. However, one of them just landed in the hospital, which gives his brother the shot he needs to challenge Logan for custody.Legal counsel says there's nly one thing Logan can do—find himself a wife.Paige McKinney doesn t always think things through.Like walking away from her modeling career without a thought of what might come next. She really doesn t think it through when she proclaims herself Logan's iancé at the hospital, simply because the sexy—albeit grumpy—football player forgot his cell phone at a party and security won t let her pass. It's ot her fault it was overheard by the worst possible person.A bargain is struck, and a fake marriage is the perfect solution. But the simple solution creates a whole new problem: they re not as different as they seem. The reluctant groom has fire inside him, and his impetuous bride is about to light the match.
      Thrown Off the Ice
Mike knew he was making a mistake when he let the rookie climb into bed with him. He just didn't know it'd be a mistake that would follow him for the rest of his life
      Rules of Contact
In the new Play-By-Play novel by the New York Times bestselling author of Unexpected Rush, a football player with all the right moves on the field needs a better game plan for his love life.    A defensive end for the San Francisco Sabers, flynn Cassidy is used to being in the spotlight—he just doesn t enjoy it. But if getting in front of the cameras will help his new restaurant succeed, he's illing. Now if he could just meet a woman who loved him and not his fame…   After her divorce, Amelia Lawrence is thrilled to start over as head chef at Ninety-Two. It's ust the opportunity she needs to heat up her career—if only she wasn t wildly attracted to her sexy new boss. Their chemistry might be sizzling hot, but Amelia has no intention of being burned again.    Amelia is genuine and fun and flynn can t get enough of her—and Amelia loves every second she spends with the tough but tender flynn. But trust is a hard fought battle for both of them. Breaking the rules of contact and surrendering to their passion was easy, but are they willing to risk their hearts to win at the game of love?
      Unexpected Rush
In the new Play-By-Play novel by the New York Times bestselling author of All Wound Up, a football hot shot and his best friend's ister are breaking all the rules.All the Right Moves For Barrett Cassidy, playing defense for the Tampa Hawks is a dream come true. And now he may have discovered his dream woman. Harmony Evans, once the sweet, gawky teenage sister of his best friend and teammate has grown into a smart, gorgeous woman with moves he finds hard to resist. But he knows he can t get involved with his best friend's ister—it's uy code. Harmony has always gone after what she wants with single-minded determination, from her independence to her education to her career in social work. She never expected her youthful crush on Barrett to develop into something deeper. And she's ot about to let some ridiculous man rules or her brother stand in her way. When the chemistry is this combustible, lines tend to get crossed. And when Barrett and Harmony's ecret gets out, it just might be game over...
      Ty Cobb: A Terrible Beauty
Finally - a fascinating and authoritative biography of perhaps the most controversial player in baseball history, Ty Cobb.Ty Cobb is baseball royalty, maybe even the greatest player who ever lived. His lifetime batting average is still the highest of all time, and when he retired in 1928, after twenty-one years with the Detroit Tigers and two with the Philadelphia Athletics, he held more than ninety records. But the numbers don't tell half of Cobb's tale. The Georgia Peach was by far the most thrilling player of the era: Ty Cobb could cause more excitement with a base on balls than Babe Ruth could with a grand slam, one columnist wrote. When the Hall of Fame began in 1936, he was the first player voted in.But Cobb was also one of the game's most controversial characters. He got in a lot of fights, on and off the field, and was often accused of being overly aggressive. In his day, even his supporters acknowledged that he was a fierce and fiery competitor. Because his philosophy was to create a mental hazard for the other man,; he had his enemies, but he was also widely admired. After his death in 1961, however, something strange happened: his reputation morphed into that of a monster - a virulent racist who also hated children and women, and was in turn hated by his peers. How did this happen? Who is the real Ty Cobb? Setting the record straight, Charles Leerhsen pushed aside the myths, traveled to Georgia and Detroit, and re-traced Cobb's journey, from the shy son of a professor and state senator who was progressive on race for his time, to America's first true sports celebrity. In the process, he tells of a life overflowing with incident and a man who cut his own path through his times - a man we thought we knew but really didn't.
      God Save the Fan: How Preening Sportscasters, Athletes Who Speak in the Third Person, and the Occasional Convicted Quarterback Have Taken the Fun Out of Sports (And How We Can Get It Back)
ESPN thinks its viewers are stupid. The Olympics claw at your inner sap. Barbaro, after all, was just a horse. So says Will Leitch, founding editor of Deadspin.com, whose God Save the Fan is your new manifesto.Arch and unrepentant, Leitch is the mouthpiece for all the frustrated fans who just want their games back from big money, bloated egos, and blathering sportscasters. Always a fan first and a journalist second, Leitch considers the perfection of fantasy leagues, the meaninglessness of the steroids debate, and the aching permanence of loyalty to just one team. He'll tell you why, long before that dogfighting mess, Michael Vick's undercover STD clinic name was Ron Mexico; why athletes persist in publicly praising God; and what the beer companies really think about you. Share Leitch's dread as he spends twenty—four hours watching ESPN. Sit and have a beer with John Rocker and his surprising girlfriend. Be inspired by Rick Ankiel's phoenixlike rise, and fall.With a voice strengthened by the success of Deadspin and its chorus of commenters, Leitch has written all—new material for God Save the Fan. If you or a fan you love is suffering from the sense of listless dissatisfaction brought on by the leagues and networks, this is your restorative tonic. Packed with lists, glossaries, confessions, and rages, Leitch's manifesto sings a rallying cry for fan empowerment. The games, after all, belong to us.
      Fake It 'Til You Break It
Fake.That's hat we are.That's hat we agreed to be.I thought it would be harder, convincing everyone our school's tar receiver was mine and mine alone, but we played our parts well.So well, the lines between us began to blur until they disappeared completely.The thing about pretending, though, someone's lways better at it, and by the time I realized my mistake, there was no going back.I fell for our lie.And then everything fell apart.It turned out, he and I were never playing the same game. He didn t have to break me to win. But he did it anyway.
      Dominic
After a car accident killed her parents when she was a child, Bronagh Murphy chose to box herself off from people in an effort to keep herself from future hurt. If she doesn't befriend people, talk to them or acknowledge them in any way they leave her alone just like she wants. When Dominic Slater enters her life, ignoring him is all she has to do to get his attention. Dominic is used to attention, and when he and his brothers move to Dublin, Ireland for family business, he gets nothing but attention. Attention from everyone except the beautiful brunette with a sharp tongue. Dominic wants Bronagh and the only way he can get to her, is by dragging her from the boxed off corner she has herself trapped in the only way he knows how... by force. Dominic wants her, and what Dominic wants, Dominic gets.
      War Room
Sports commentator and bestselling author Michael Holley will follow three Nfl teams from training camp 2010, through the Super Bowl, and into the April draft, providing a new look at Belichick's nfluence, which has now spread from the Patriots to other teams, particularly the KC Chiefs and the Atlanta Falcons.This is a football book with three central characters: Patriots head coach Bill Belichick, Chiefs general manager Scott Pioli, and Falcons general manager Thomas Dimitroff.Michael Holley will follow Belichick, Pioli, and Dimitroff through the entire 2010 season—from training camp 2010, through the Super Bowl, and into the April draft—exploring the personal connections of the three men and the increasing influence of the Patriot way. Belichick and Pioli have been friends since the 1980s, when Belichick was a young coordinator for the New York Giants. They worked together in Cleveland, New York (Jets) and New England. In 2008, Pioli left for Kansas City to build a Midwestern Patriots model. A year before Pioli left, Dimitroff was the surprising top GM choice of the Falcons, who dreamed of building Patriots South in Atlanta.The culmination of the narrative will be all three men preparing their teams for the lifeblood of the Nfl, which is the draft, as all three franchises seek to improve themselves through similar philosophies but perhaps different strategies.
      Sweetness: The Enigmatic Life of Walter Payton
The first definitive biography of Chicago Bears superstar Walter Payton. At five feet ten inches tall, running back Walter Peyton was not the largest player in the Nfl, but he developed a larger-than-life reputation for his strength, speed, and grit. Nicknamed Sweetness during his college football days, he became the Nfl's all-time leader in rushing and all-purpose yards, capturing the hearts of fans in his adopted Chicago.Crafted from interviews with more than 700 sources, acclaimed sportswriter Jeff Pearlman has produced the first definitive biography of Payton. Sweetness at last brings fans a detailed, scrupulously researched, all-encompassing account of the legend's rise to greatness. From Payton's childhood in segregated Mississippi, where he ended a racial war by becoming the star of his integrated high school's football team, to his college years and his twelve-year Nfl career, Sweetness brims with stories of all-American heroism, and covers Payton's life off the field as well. Set against the backdrop of the tragic illness that cut his life short at just forty- six years of age, this is a stirring tribute to a singular icon and the lasting legacy he made.
      Heaven Is a Playground
In 1974 Rick Telander intended to spend a few days doing a magazine piece on the court wizards of Brooklyn's oster Park. He ended up staying the entire summer, becoming part of the players  lives, and eventually the coach of a loose aggregation known as the Subway Stars. Telander tells of everything he saw: the on-court flash, the off-court jargon, the late-night graffiti raids, the tireless efforts of one promoter-hustler-benefactor to get these kids a chance at a college education. He lets the kids speak for themselves, revealing their grand dreams and ambitions, but he never flinches from showing us how far their dreams are from reality. The roots of today's nner-city basketball can be traced to the world Telander presents in Heaven Is a Playground, the first book of its kind.
      Boom Town: The Fantastical Saga of Oklahoma City, Its Chaotic Founding, Its Apocalyptic Weather, Its Purloined Basketball Team, and the Dream of Becoming a World-class Metropolis
Award-winning journalist Sam Anderson's ong-awaited debut is a brilliant, kaleidoscopic narrative of Oklahoma City--a great American story of civics, basketball, and destiny.Oklahoma City was born from chaos. It was founded in a bizarre but momentous Land Run in 1889, when thousands of people lined up along the borders of Oklahoma Territory and rushed in at noon to stake their claims. Since then, it has been a city torn between the wild energy that drives its outsized ambitions, and the forces of order that seek sustainable progress. Nowhere was this dynamic better realized than in the drama of the Oklahoma City Thunder basketball team's 2012-13 season, when the Thunder's brilliant general manager, Sam Presti, ignited a firestorm by trading future superstar James Harden just days before the first game. Presti's all-in gamble on the Process—the patient, methodical management style that dictated the trade as the team's est hope for long-term greatness—kicked off a pivotal year in the city's history, one that would include pitched battles over urban planning, a series of cataclysmic tornadoes, and the frenzied hope that an NBA championship might finally deliver the glory of which the city had always dreamed.Boom Town announces the arrival of an exciting literary voice. Sam Anderson, former book critic for New York magazine and now a staff writer at the New York Times magazine, unfolds an idiosyncratic mix of American history, sports reporting, urban studies, gonzo memoir, and much more to tell the strange but compelling story of an American city whose unique mix of geography and history make it a fascinating microcosm of the democratic experiment. Filled with characters ranging from NBA superstars Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook; to flaming Lips oddball frontman Wayne Coyne; to legendary Great Plains meteorologist Gary England; to Stanley Draper, Oklahoma City's would-be Robert Moses; to civil rights activist Clara Luper; to the citizens and public servants who survived the notorious 1995 bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah federal building, Boom Town offers a remarkable look at the urban tapestry woven from control and chaos, sports and civics.
      Change of Hart
My name is Jason Hart. As the best defensive lineman in the country, I eat, sleep and breathe football. And I like it that way. I ve only got a few more years before I ll have to retire, so expending energy on anything other than football seems like a waste of time.That is, until I have a random meeting with a little boy who just lost his father. We have more in common than you might think and it creates an unlikely bond. As our friendship grows, so do my feelings for his mother.I know Addison, as a recent widow, isn t ready to date again. But I want to get to know her better, in spite of all her rejections.Is it possible that I, a self-proclaimed bachelor, could be having a Change of Hart?
      Ten in the Bin
 A short story, approx. 12.5K words. Heartbroken, Dean Cartwright leaves Sydney and heads home, to the coastal town of Newcastle. In a bid to make new friends, he signs up for a local rugby league team where he meets a man known as Macca. Dean and Macca are both front row forwards, meaning they re the biggest guys on the team. Over six feet tall and over a hundred kilos each, they re a force to be reckoned with on the field.But when Dean gets knocked out, Macca gets even by punching the other guy, and both Dean and Macca end up on the sideline. Dean soon realizes that being knocked unconscious is the best thing to ever happen to him. Story is set in Australia, and uses Australian English 
      Ryan Hunter
There is an alternate cover edition for this ASIN here.Ryan Hunter kissed more girls than he cares to remember. But the only one he ever wanted is in love with his best friend.Watching Lisa Matthews  obsession with Tony Mitchell is a torture Ryan conceals from everyone. Until after a five-week soccer camp, where Tony gets involved with someone else, things suddenly take a different turn. Ryan knows if he doesn t make a move now and grab his chance, he might never get another.Asked by Tony to distract Lisa, Ryan is only too happy. He subtly seduces her first into his soccer team and later on to his party. He does all in his power to make her see that he's ot just an insufferable playboy but a guy who really cares about her. Some one-on-one soccer training, a passionate kiss — things seem to be going the way he wants. Except Ryan didn t reckon on his best friend showing up at the worst possible moment and destroying everything…
      Strike Zone
Faced with the love of her life waiting at the altar, thrill-seeking adventure guide Taylor Hannah lost her nerve and ran. Three years later, the gutsy blonde is back in Richmond to reclaim handsome Rogues pitcher Brek Stryker before he makes another trip down the aisle. From dressing as a giant baseball to pummeling the other team's mouthy mascot, this former fiancee is pulling out all the stops. Trouble is, her ball player refuses to believe she's finally ready to play by his rules.  Stryke hasn't forgiven the woman who left him on their wedding day, but he can't ignore the chemistry that sizzles every time he and Taylor meet. The fireworks between them could light up the ball park, but Stryke won't lose his heart again unless he knows the score. If Taylor steps into his strike zone, she'd better be ready to go past third base and all the way home.
      Nine Innings: The Anatomy of a Baseball Game
You'll never watch baseball the same way again. A timeless baseball classic and a must read for any fan worthy of the name, Nine Innings dissects a single baseball game played in June 1982 -- inning by inning, play by play. Daniel Okrent, a seasoned writer and lifelong fan, chose as his subject a Milwaukee BrewersBaltimore Orioles matchup, though it could have been any game, because, as Okrent reveals, the essence of baseball, no matter where or when it's played, has been and will always be the same. In this particular moment of baseball history you will discover myriad aspects of the sport that are crucial to its nature but so often invisible to the fans -- the hidden language of catchers' signals, the physiology of pitching, the balance sheet of a club owner, the gait of a player stepping up to the plate. With the purity of heart and unwavering attention to detail that characterize our national pastime, Okrent goes straight to the core of the world's greatest game. You'll never watch baseball the same way again.
      The Match: The Day the Game of Golf Changed Forever
The year: 1956. Four decades have passed since Eddie Lowery came to fame as the ten-year-old caddie to U.S. Open Champion Francis Ouimet. Now a wealthy car dealer and avid supporter of amateur golf, Lowery has just made a bet with fellow millionaire George Coleman. Lowery claims that two of his employees, amateur golfers Harvie Ward and Ken Venturi, cannot be beaten in a best-ball match. Lowery challenges Coleman to bring any two golfers of his choice to the course at 10 a.m. the next day to settle the issue. Coleman accepts the challenge and shows up with his own power team: Ben Hogan and Byron Nelson, the game's greatest living professionals, with fourteen major championships between them. In Mark Frost's peerless hands, complete with the recollections of all the participants, the story of this immortal foursome and the game they played that day--legendarily known in golf circles as the greatest private match ever played--comes to life with powerful, emotional impact and edge-of-your-seat suspense.
      Opening Day: The Story of Jackie Robinson's First Season
Opening Day: The Story of Jackie Robinson's First Season
      Little Girls in Pretty Boxes: The Making and Breaking of Elite Gymnasts and Figure Skaters
From starvation diets and debilitating injuries to the brutal tactics of tyrannical gymnastics guru Bela Karolyi, Little Girls in Pretty Boxes portrays the horrors endured by girls at the hands of their coaches and sometimes their own families. An acclaimed expose that has already helped reform Olympic sports—now updated to reflect the latest developments in women's gymnastics and figure skating—it continues to plead for sanity, safety, and an end to our national obsession: winning at any cost.
      Take Me On
Bonus novella included: Crossing the Line.Acclaimed author Katie McGarry returns with the knockout new story of two high school seniors who are about to learn what winning really means.Champion kickboxer Haley swore she'd never set foot in the ring again after one tragic night. But then the guy she can't stop thinking about accepts a mixed martial arts fight in her honor. Suddenly, Haley has to train West Young. All attitude, West is everything Haley promised herself she'd stay away from. Yet he won't last five seconds in the ring without her help.West is keeping a big secret from Haley. About who he really is. But helping her-fighting for her-is a shot at redemption. Especially since it's his fault his family is falling apart. He can't change the past, but maybe he can change Haley's future.Hayley and West have agreed to keep their relationship strictly in the ring. But as an unexpected bond forms between them and attraction mocks their best intentions, they'll face their darkest fears and discover love is worth fighting for.
      Collision Low Crossers: A Year Inside the Turbulent World of Nfl Football
By spending a year with the New York Jets, Nicholas Dawidoff entered a mysterious and private world with its own rituals and language. Equal parts Paper Lion, Moneyball, Friday Night Lights, and The Office, this absorbing, funny, and vivid narrative gets to the heart of a massive and stressful collective endeavor.Here is football in many faces: the polarizing, brilliant, and hilarious head coach; the general manager, whose job is to support (and suppress) the irrepressible coach; the defensive coaches and their in-house rivals, the offensive coaches; and of course the players. Wise safeties, brooding linebackers, high-strung cornerbacks, enthusiastic rookies, and a well-read nose tackle-they make up a strange and complex family. Dawidoff makes an emblematic Nfl season come alive for fans and nonfans alike in a book about football that will forever change the way people watch and think about the sport.
      Let Me Tell You a Story: A Lifetime in the Game
America's favorite sportswriter teams up with Red Auerbach, the most successful and admired coach in basketball history, to tell the best stories of a legendary life.Living legend Arnold Red Auerbach led the Boston Celtics to nine NBA championships, eight of them consecutive, during his 17 year tenure in Boston, from 1950 to 1966. The fiery coach is a unique personality; brash, opinionated, and unfailingly accurate. As a coach, he never stood still along the sidelines, and in retirement he remains a lively part of the game, still consulted by coaches, players, and general managers at age 86.For years, John Feinstein has met regularly with Red Auerbach and his friends, drawing out Red's life story in a raucous series of unforgettable sessions. From those smoke-and laughter-filled rooms come the colorful reports about all the players and coaches Red has worked with and played against over the years. Bob Cousy, Larry Bird, Wilt Chamberlain, Sam Jones, Bill Russell, and Michael Jordan, you name them, the basketball greats are all here.Red Auerbach's incredible experiences in sports and John Feinstein's unparalleled skill as a sports storyteller make this one of the greatest books to come out of the game of basketball.
      A March to Madness: A View from the floor in the Atlantic Coast Conference
It's the book in which America's favorite sportswriter returns to the arena of his most successful bestseller, A Season on the Brink. It's the book that takes us inside the intensely competitive Atlantic Coast Conference & paints a portrait of how college baskettball is coached & played at the highest level. It's the book that takes us onto the courts, into the locker rooms, & inside the high-pressure world of the talented coaches who have helped make the ACC's nine colleges - Duke, North Carolina, North Carolina State, Clemson, Georgia Tech, Virginia, Maryland, Wake Forest, & florida State - world-renowned for their championship basketball teams. The author's afterword to this edition will recap the ACC's current season & preview the 1998-99 rivalries.
      The Greatest Game Ever Played
Ouimet and Vardon were two men from different generations and vastly different corners of the world whose lives, unbeknownst to them at the time, bore remarkable similarities, setting them on parallel paths that led with a kind of fated inevitability to their epic battle at Brookline years in the future. This collision resulted in the big bang' that gave rise to the sport of golf as we know it today.For Mark Frost, Francis Ouimet and Harry Vardon represent everything that's right about sports in general and sportsmen in particular; gentlemen, champions, teachers, leaders, and each in their own quiet way, heroes. In THE GREATEST GAME EVER PLAYED, Frost attempts to create penetrating studies of both of these men, along with over dozens of the game's seminal figures, within the dramatic framework offered by the tournament when they finally met, one of the most thrilling sports events in history, the 1913 U.S. Open.
      Cobb: A Biography
A New York Times Notable Book; Spitball Award for Best Baseball Book of 1994; Basis for a major Hollywood motion picture. Now in paperback, the biography that baseball fans all across the country have been talking about. Al Stump redefined America's perception of one of its most famous sports heroes with this gripping look at a man who walked the line between greatness and psychosis. Based on Stump's interviews with Ty Cobb while ghostwriting the Hall-of-Famer's 1961 autobiography, this award-winning new account of Cobb's life and times reveals both the darkness and the brilliance of the Georgia Peach. The most powerful baseball biography I have read.--Roger Kahn, author of THE BOYS OF SUMMER
      A Sense of Where You Are: Bill Bradley at Princeton
When John McPhee met Bill Bradley, both were at the beginning of their careers. A Sense of Where You Are, McPhee's first book, is about Bradley when he was the best basketball player Princeton had ever seen. McPhee delineates for the reader the training and techniques that made Bradley the extraordinary athlete he was, and this part of the book is a blueprint of superlative basketball. But athletic prowess alone would not explain Bradley's magnetism, which is in the quality of the man himself—his self-discipline, his rationality, and his sense of responsibility. Here is a portrait of Bradley as he was in college, before his time with the New York Knicks and his election to the U.S. Senate—a story that suggests the abundant beginnings of his professional careers in sport and politics.
      Power Plays & Straight A's
FOSTER:Look out for Zach and don t hit on him. My brother's equest sounds easy enough. Keep an eye out for his best friend on campus and keep my hands to myself.Easy.Even if Zach is a quintessential nerd, who I ve always thought was cute, I don t have the time to think with my … stick.There's nly one stick I should be focused on this year, and that's y hockey stick. My goal once I graduate is to get an NHL contract.The last thing I need is a distraction. On or off the ice.Only, keeping to the rules is harder than I thought it would be. ZACH:People confuse me.And no one more than Foster Grant.I ve barely spoken two words to him in the whole time I ve known him, but the second I step foot on campus, he's mpossible to shake.I can never anticipate his next move. And whenever we re together, my next move is a total mystery as well.I want to give in to him, but that might mean coming clean about something I ve never been bothered about before.I m still carrying my V-card.And I think it's ime to turn it in.
      Blindsided
What happens when an almost thirty-year-old virgin agrees to let her Scottish footballer best friend give her some lessons in seduction? Lots of banter, awkwardness, jealousy, and heat. Midfielder Maclay Mac  Logan is a loud-mouthed, tattooed ginger content with focusing on football. But when an adorably-freckled seamstress comes barreling into his life, he finds Netflix-And-Bickering with her to be his new favorite pastime. Freya Cook is used to being the invisible woman with a needle and thread, offering cheeky punchlines as she helps dress London's inest. She's lus-sized in body and spirit, and other than her friendship with Mac, talking to the opposite sex is one skill she never mastered. However, after one innocent game of Never Have I Ever, Mac offers to play Love Coach for Freya. What neither of them see coming are the feelings that develop when the clothes come off. Now they re both about to learn the biggest lesson of all: Don't fall in love with your best friend.Blindsided is a full length (97,000 words) contemporary rom-com standalone with a sports theme.
      Ali: A Life
The definitive biography of an American icon, from a New York Times best-selling author with unique access to Ali's nner circle He was the wittiest, the prettiest, the strongest, the bravest, and, of course, the greatest (as he told us himself). Muhammad Ali was one of the twentieth century's ost fantastic figures and arguably the most famous man on the planet. But until now, he has never been the subject of a complete, unauthorized biography. Jonathan Eig, hailed by Ken Burns as one of America's aster storytellers, radically reshapes our understanding of the complicated man who was Ali. Eig had access to all the key people in Ali's ife, including his three surviving wives and his managers. He conducted more than 500 interviews and uncovered thousands of pages of previously unreleased FBI and Justice Department files, as well dozens of hours of newly discovered audiotaped interviews from the 1960s. Collectively, they tell Ali's tory like never before—the story of a man who was flawed and uncertain and brave beyond belief. I am America,  he once declared. I am the part you won t recognize. But get used to me—black, confident, cocky; my name, not yours; my religion, not yours; my goals, my own. Get used to me.  He was born Cassius Clay in racially segregated Louisville, Kentucky, the son of a sign painter and a housekeeper. He went on to become a heavyweight boxer with a dazzling mix of power and speed, a warrior for racial pride, a comedian, a preacher, a poet, a draft resister, an actor, and a lover. Millions hated him when he changed his religion, changed his name, and refused to fight in the Vietnam War. He fought his way back, winning hearts, but at great cost. Like so many boxers, he stayed too long. Jonathan Eig s Ali reveals Ali in the complexity he deserves, shedding important new light on his politics, religion, personal life, and neurological condition. Ali is a story about America, about race, about a brutal sport, and about a courageous man who shook up the world.  
      Hot Stuff
Librarian's Note: This is a re-edited, alternate-cover edition for ASIN B01MYXAGPG He's bout to find out … She's ot just one of the guys.Annabelle Jordan and her two sisters were orphans in frilly dresses when they went to live with their sports-lawyer uncle in his world of locker rooms, bookies and gambling. Now the girls are publicists in their uncle's firm, The Hot Zone. Despite her upbringing, Annabelle is all woman. She's naturally drawn to real men—like her latest client, businessman and former football legend Brandon Vaughn. The chemistry is potent, undeniable, irresistible. Annabelle soon realizes that Brandon is much more than just another jock. And that she'd better hold on tight if she doesn't want to lose her heart.
      Wild Pitch
There's ever been any question in Sean Tucker's ind that he d do whatever it took to make it to the major leagues and be one of the best pitchers of his time. The day he acknowledged to himself that he was gay was also the day he vowed to stay in the closet in order to chase his dreams. The problem is, he never counted on Mason Atley.Sean showed rookie short stop Mason Atley the ropes, both on the field and off. The two forged a friendship which continued as both of them moved through the ranks of the farm system and into the majors. Unfortunately, there's lways been one secret Mason never felt he could share with Sean. Until now.For seven years, Sean lived with the fact that he loved a man who would never reciprocate. When Mason admits that he's lways known he's isexual but has never allowed himself to pursue a relationship with a man, will Sean be able to put aside his reservations about starting a relationship with the friend he d always assumed was straight? And more importantly, will they be able to find a way to stay together when their careers keep them apart more than they can be together?
      Devious Minds
A New Adult Comedy When Sydney Porter transfers to Northern University, she's eady to put her past behind her. Landing a job on campus as an irreverent radio personality, she uses the anonymity to air all the campus dirty laundry—earning the infamous Sunday Lane more than a few enemies. But her true passion is spinning records, even if Drunk Earl is her biggest fan.  Sydney's unior year kicks off with the promise to be amazing. Or at least it does until Gray Peters, hotshot quarterback, unexpectedly reenters the scene. His presence threatens to destroy everything she has going, as well as resurrecting a night Sydney never wants to remember or repeat. She d run away like a coward, but this time she's determined to stay and fight.  A twisted battle of wit and trickery ensues, with one common goal—vengeance. Sydney and Gray set out to make each other miserable. But misery loves company, and soon, walls are destroyed and truths are revealed that could change their future forever.  *** Contains mature situations and language ***
      The Bronx Zoo: The Astonishing Inside Story of the 1978 World Champion New York Yankees
This bestselling, highly-acclaimed account is a hilarious but scathing baseball tell-all. After being voted the 1977 American League Cy Young Award winner, Sparky Lyle was rewarded for his efforts by being benched. The Yankees, a leader of free agency, signed Goose Gossage as their closer. Things only went downhill from there and the 1978 season turned out to be one of controversy, firings, fights and acrimony. In short, it was a zoo.
      Evvie Drake Starts Over
In a sleepy seaside town in Maine, recently widowed Eveleth Evvie  Drake rarely leaves her large, painfully empty house nearly a year after her husband's eath in a car crash. Everyone in town, even her best friend, Andy, thinks grief keeps her locked inside, and Evvie doesn t correct them.Meanwhile, in New York City, Dean Tenney, former Major League pitcher and Andy's hildhood best friend, is wrestling with what miserable athletes living out their worst nightmares call the yips : he can t throw straight anymore, and, even worse, he can t figure out why. As the media storm heats up, an invitation from Andy to stay in Maine seems like the perfect chance to hit the reset button on Dean's uture.When he moves into an apartment at the back of Evvie's ouse, the two make a deal: Dean won t ask about Evvie's ate husband, and Evvie won t ask about Dean's aseball career. Rules, though, have a funny way of being broken—and what starts as an unexpected friendship soon turns into something more. To move forward, Evvie and Dean will have to reckon with their pasts—the friendships they ve damaged, the secrets they ve kept—but in life, as in baseball, there's lways a chance—up until the last out.
      The Coaching Hours
THERE ARE NO DOUCHEBAGS IN THIS STORY.Well, there are, but they re not who this story is about.This story is about me—the coach's aughter.When I moved to Iowa to live with my dad, the university's take-no-prisoners wrestling coach, I thought transferring would be easy as pie—living with my father would be temporary, and he'd make sure his douchebag wrestlers left me alone.Wrong on both counts.ASSHOLES ALWAYS COME OUT OF THE WOODWORK WHEN THE STAKES ARE HIGH.A bet is placed, and I'm on the table. After one humiliating night and too much alcohol, I find the last nice guy on campus. And when he offers to rent me his spare bedroom, I go all in. It's ime for the nice guy to finish first.Midnight chats and spilling my problems turn to lingering touches. Lingering touches turn to more.And the ultimate good guy has the potential do more damage than any douchebags ever could.The Coaching Hours -- the fourth book in the USA Today Bestselling How to Date a Douchebag New Adult series, available February 5, 2018
      #Selfie
It's ll about the #Selfie.She was the one girl I never wanted.Until I had her.One night.One mistake.Something we both wanted to forget.I got rid of the proof. The one piece of evidence that could remind us both.At least, I thought I did.When it shows up on the school Buzzfeed, rumors fly. Friendships are tested and the feels get real.I don t do relationships. I don t open my heart.Especially for a girl everyone knows I hate.What happens during spring break, stays in spring break.Until it follows you home.
      Reed's Reckoning
Reckoning- Noun the time when your actions are judged as good or bad and you are rewarded or punished  Arianna 'Ari' Williams thought she experienced the depths of true love until the man of her dreams dismissed her with no explanation. Heartbroken and humiliated, she found herself changing the course of her life and picking up the pieces of her shattered heart. Now four years later, she has a successful career, amazing friends, and a young son with crystal blue eyes that reminds her every day of the love she imagined. Emotionally she has moved on but the wounds never healed. Reed Matthews has it all. Playing professional football was always his dream. Being one of the most successful wide receivers in the league comes with money, fame, and all the women he wants. Even with all his wishes coming true, he never stops thinking of the one woman that owned his soul four years ago. A chance encounter brings Reed to the realization that Ari Williams not only hid a life changing secret from him, but also things weren't as they seemed all those years ago. He's determined to get her back and build their lives together. When the truth behind their deception is revealed- friendships are tested, families are torn apart, and the one person behind it all is relentless.Can Reed protect those he loves and build the future he dreamed of?*Due to graphic language and explicit sexual situations, this book is recommended for readers 18+.
      Holiday on Ice
Superstar hockey player Patrick Trick  Niemeyer and dancer Stella Slovinski have picked up where they left off a year ago, resuming their hot, uncomplicated affair. Stella refuses to call it dating, or a relationship. But lately, Trick is looking for more…Stella's een burned before—in a relationship she never talks about—not with her family, not with her friends, and definitely not with Trick. But now it's he holiday season and Trick is determined to give Stella his heart wrapped up in a bow. He knows Stella is the right woman for him, but he ll have to melt the ice surrounding her heart to keep her from walking away.
      Sidelined
My, how the mighty falls. After leading his team to two Super Bowl wins, being cut leaves quarterback Levi Brody reeling. Betrayed, scared, and picking up the pieces from a failed love affair, he abandons New Orleans for the speck-on-the-map Alabama town he left behind. He wants nothing more than to hide out and lick his wounds, but an interfering brother thrusts him back into sports—coaching high school football. Where once he d ruled the field as star player, now he's aking orders from a very young, very attractive head coach. A coach with a deep-rooted hatred for all things Levi Brody.Head coach of the newly formed East County High, Tracy Wright has his work cut out for him. Forming three former rival teams into one working unit is all that he can handle. The last thing he needs is an interfering golden boy. He has no use for Levi Brody, until discovering how much Levi has to offer both the team and Tracy. Small town jealousy plus big city secrets converge, and just might leave both men Sidelined.Book 2 in The Southern Scrimmage Series. Should be read after Six Ways from Sunday
      Football for a Buck: The Crazy Rise and Crazier Demise of the USfl
From a multiple New York Times bestselling author, the rollicking, outrageous, you-can t-make-this-up story of the USfl   The United States Football League—known fondly to millions of sports fans as the USfl—was the last football league to not merely challenge the Nfl, but cause its owners and executives to collectively shudder. It spanned three seasons, 1983-85. It secured multiple television deals. It drew millions of fans and launched the careers of legends. But then it died beneath the weight of a particularly egotistical and bombastic owner—a New York businessman named Donald J. Trump. The league featured as many as 18 teams, and included such superstars as Steve Young, Jim Kelly, Herschel Walker, Reggie White, Doug flutie and Mike Rozier.   In Football for a Buck, the dogged reporter and biographer Jeff Pearlman draws on more than four hundred interviews to unearth all the salty, untold stories of one of the craziest sports entities to have ever captivated America. From 1980s drug excess to airplane brawls and player-coach punch outs, to backroom business deals, to some of the most enthralling and revolutionary football ever seen, Pearlman transports readers back in time to this crazy, boozy, audacious, unforgettable era of the game. He shows how fortunes were made and lost on the backs of professional athletes and also how, thirty years ago, Trump was a scoundrel and a spoiler.   For fans of Terry Pluto's oose Balls or Jim Bouton's all Four and of course Pearlman's wn stranger-than-fiction narratives, Football for a Buck is sports as high entertainment—and a cautionary tale of the dangers of ego and excess.
      The Legends Club: Dean Smith, Mike Krzyzewski, Jim Valvano, and an Epic College Basketball Rivalry
The riveting inside story of college basketball's fiercest rivalry among three coaching legends—University of North Carolina's Dean Smith, Duke's Mike Krzyzewski, and North Carolina State's Jim Valvano—by the king of college basketball writers, #1 New York Times bestseller John FeinsteinOn March 18, 1980, the immensely powerful Duke basketball program announced the hiring of its new coach—the man who would resurrect the team, restore glory to Duke, and defeat the legendary Dean Smith, who coached down the road at UNC Chapel Hill and had turned UNC into a powerhouse. Duke's new man was Mike Krzyzewski. The only problem was, no one knew who Krzyzewski was, he had a so-so record in his short time as head coach of Army, and worst of all, no one could even pronounce his name. The announcement caused head scratches . . . if not immediate calls for his head . . . and on this note his career at Duke began.      The table was set nine days later, when on March 27, 1980, Jim Valvano was hired by North Carolina State to be their new head coach. The hiring didn't raise as many eyebrows, but with the exuberant Valvano on board, two new coaches were now in place to challenge Dean Smith—and the most sensational competitive decade in history was about to unfold.      In the skillful hands of John Feinstein, this extraordinary rivalry—and the men behind it—come to life in a unique, intimate way. The Legends Club is a sports book that captures an era in American sport and culture, documenting the inside view of a decade of absolutely incredible competition. Feinstein pulls back the curtain on the recruiting wars, the intensely personal competition that wasn't always friendly, the enormous pressure and national stakes, and the battle for the very soul of college basketball allegiance in a hot-bed area. Getting to the roots of the NCAA goliath that is followed religiously by millions of fans today, Feinstein uses his unprecedented access to all three coaches to paint a portrait only he could conjure. The Legends Club is destined to be one of Feinstein's biggest bestsellers.
      First & Then
Devon Tennyson wouldn't change a thing. She's happy watching Friday night games from the bleachers, silently crushing on best friend Cas, and blissfully ignoring the future after high school. But the universe has other plans. It delivers Devon's cousin Foster, an unrepentant social outlier with a surprising talent for football, and the obnoxiously superior and maddeningly attractive star running back, Ezra, right where she doesn't want them: first into her P.E. class and then into every other aspect of her life.Pride and Prejudice meets Friday Night Lights in this contemporary novel about falling in love with the unexpected boy, with a new brother, and with yourself.
      Beyond Belief: Finding the Strength to Come Back
Josh Hamilton was the first player chosen in the first round of the 1999 baseball draft. He was destined to be one of those rare high-character  superstars. But in 2001, working his way from the minors to the majors, all of the plans for Josh went off the rails in a moment of weakness. What followed was a 4-year nightmare of drugs and alcohol, estrangement from friends and family, and his eventual suspension from baseball. BEYOND BELIEF details the events that led up to the derailment. Josh explains how a young man destined for fame and wealth could allow his life to be taken over by drugs and alcohol. But it is also the memoir of a spiritual journey that breaks through pain and heartbreak and leads to the rebirth of his major-league career.Josh Hamilton makes no excuses and places no blame on anyone other than himself. He takes responsibility for his poor decisions and believes his story can help millions who battle the same demons. I have been given a platform to tell my story he says. I pray every night I am a good messenger.
      The Lords of the Realm
In this fascinating, colorful chronicle -- based on hundreds of interviews and years of research and digging -- John Helyar brings to vivid life the extraordinary people and dramatic events that shaped America's favorite pastime, from the dead-ball days at the turn of the century through the great strike of 1994. Witness zealous Judge Landis banish eight players, including Shoeless Joe Jackson, after the infamous Black Sox scandal; the flamboyant A's owner Charlie Finley wheel and deal his star players, Vida Blue and Rollie Fingers, like a deck of cards; the hysterical bidding war of coveted free agent Catfish Hunter; the chain-smoking romantic, A. Bartlett Giamatti, locking horns with Pete Rose during his gambling days of summer; and much more . . . .
      Feeding the Monster: How Money, Smarts, and Nerve Took a Team to the Top
Seth Mnookin was given access never before granted to a reporter for this fascinating inside account of the Boston Red Sox. As a result he has written perhaps the best book yet about a professional sports team in America.  Feeding the Monster shows what it takes to win a championship, both on and off the field. Seth Mnookin spent mornings in the front office, afternoons in the clubhouse, and evenings in the owners' box. He learned how the Sox persuaded Curt Schilling to sign, why Nomar Garciaparra resented his teammates, and what led to Pedro Martinez's acrimonious exit. He knows the real story behind Theo Epstein's brief departure and witnessed the development of his rift with Larry Lucchino. And in a new epilogue, Mnookin examines the 2006 offseason, including the negotiations for Japanese phenom Daisuke Matsuzaka.  In a juicy narrative that is filled with thrilling detail, Feeding the Monster peels back the curtain to show what it means to be a part of a major league sports team today.
      I Promise You
From #1 Amazon Charts and WSJ Bestselling Author Ilsa Madden-Mills comes an all-new swoony romance between the football hottie and the mystery girl he kissed years before…Dillon McQueen: Babe. I promise. You want me.Serena Jensen: Um, who are you?There's  legend at Waylon University: the first girl you kiss freshman year at the bonfire party is the one you ll never forget. She ll crawl under your skin. She ll spark a passion so fierce you ll burn the world down to possess her.You might even put a ring on it.But...timing is everything. That kiss can go horribly wrong. She might run in the opposite direction. And boy, did Serena run.Dillon is Waylon's otshot quarterback with something to prove. All he wants is to graduate and make it to the Nfl. What he doesn t need is to finally meet the mystery girl he kissed at the bonfire freshman year. Isn t it enough that she's aunted his dreams for more than a thousand nights?Fate laughs in his face when he runs into the plucky girl at the Piggly Wiggly. Surrounded by his entourage, he's ot all the Oreos in his cart; she gets revenge by buying every six-pack of his favorite beer.Obviously, that legend is a curse. She's ot his type and hates him. Worst of all, how can she not remember him when she left a Serena-shaped hole in his heart for the past three years?So why can t he stop trying to win her?Will this quarterback score the girl or make the biggest fumble of his life?Author's ote: I Promise You is a complete stand-alone college sports romance. Expect hot football jocks, strong women with pluck, a tell-it-like-it-is Nana, deep feels, fun banter, and a sigh-worthy happy ending. No cheating or cliff-hangers.*Also read I Dare You, I Bet You, and I Hate You, ALL STAND-ALONE COLLEGE FOOTBALL ROMANCES.
      Stroked Long
From his dirty-blond hair and breathtaking smile, to the abs from heaven and the irresistible V in his waistline, everything about Bodi Olympic-gold-medalist Banks screams hot piece of @$$.Yet there's ore.Dark shadows lurk behind his soulful, serious eyes.I m enamored. He's aptured me.How can running an art foundation with Bodi Banks turns into a slow-burning, epic romance, even though he tries to push me away at every chance? How can I stay away from a broken, routine-driven man whose soul cries to be forgiven for a crime only he believes he committed? Or is that a lie?
      Defending Taylor
There are no mistakes in love.Captain of the soccer team, president of the Debate Club, contender for valedictorian: Taylor's always pushed herself to be perfect. After all, that's what is expected of a senator's daughter. But one impulsive decision-one lie to cover for her boyfriend-and Taylor's kicked out of private school. Everything she's worked so hard for is gone, and now she's starting over at Hundred Oaks High.Soccer has always been Taylor's escape from the pressures of school and family, but it's hard to fit in and play on a team that used to be her rival. The only person who seems to understand all that she's going through is her older brother's best friend, Ezra. Taylor's had a crush on him for as long as she can remember. But it's hard to trust after having been betrayed. Will Taylor repeat her past mistakes or can she score a fresh start?
      Skating on Thin Ice
A billionaire's ission to bring hockey to Seattle clashes with his passion for the woman who holds his heart.   Ethan Parker, a billionaire determined to bring professional hockey to Seattle, will stop at nothing to realize his dream. After signing an agreement to purchase another city's team, Ethan plans to make the move to Seattle, but a gag order by the League forces him to keep the sale a secret until the season ends, leaving him no choice but to go undercover as a consultant to study his team during the playoffs.   Lauren Schneider, Assistant Director of Player Personnel for the Giants hockey team, gets no respect from the team's testosterone-loaded staff. So when Ethan bursts onto the scene, full of charm and genuinely interested in her opinions, she shares the team's weaknesses and discovers a weakness of her own--for Ethan. But when his true identity is revealed, and he starts cleaning house based on her unwitting input, his betrayal cuts deeply on both a professional and personal level. Bound by an employment contract, Lauren reluctantly moves to Seattle to work for the newly christened Seattle Sockeyes and her sexy, infuriating boss.  Lauren and Ethan must come to terms with their passions--for the team, for hockey, and for each other. Will their situation build a frozen wall between them, or will their love burn hot enough to melt the ice shielding their hearts?
      Boy on Ice: The Life and Death of Derek Boogaard
The tragic death of hockey star Derek Boogaard at twenty-eight was front-page news across the country in 2011 and helped shatter the silence about violence and concussions in professional sports. Now, in a gripping work of narrative nonfiction, acclaimed reporter John Branch tells the shocking story of Boogaard's life and heartbreaking death.  Boy on Ice is the richly told story of a mountain of a man who made it to the absolute pinnacle of his sport. Widely regarded as the toughest man in the NHL, Boogaard was a gentle man off the ice but a merciless fighter on it. With great narrative drive, Branch recounts Boogaard's unlikely journey from lumbering kid playing pond-hockey on the prairies of Saskatchewan, so big his skates would routinely break beneath his feet; to his teenaged junior hockey days, when one brutal outburst of violence brought Boogaard to the attention of professional scouts; to his days and nights as a star enforcer with the Minnesota Wild and the storied New York Rangers, capable of delivering career-ending punches and intimidating entire teams. But, as Branch reveals, behind the scenes Boogaard's injuries and concussions were mounting and his mental state was deteriorating, culminating in his early death from an overdose of alcohol and painkillers.Based on months of investigation and hundreds of interviews with Boogaard's family, friends, teammates, and coaches, Boy on Ice is a brilliant work for fans of Michael Lewis's The Blind Side or Buzz Bissinger's Friday Night Lights. This is a book that raises deep and disturbing questions about the systemic brutality of contact sports—from peewees to professionals—and the damage that reaches far beyond the game.
      The Penalty Box
Can a jock and a nerd find true love together?Everyone from Didsbury High remembers Katie Fisher as the dumpy brainiac from the poor side of town.Everyone from Didsbury High remembers Paul van Dorn as the school hockey star and heartthrob.But now they're facing off -- and matching up in more ways than one. Katie's lost the pounds, added some self-confidence, and become a drop-dead gorgeous sociology professor.And since a series of concussions put an end to Paul's pro hockey career, his star has dimmed. Now he hits the ice as a coach. But he's still got the hometown crowd behind him as the owner of a bar called The Penalty Box.Paul is reliving his glory days. Katie wishes she could put those years behind her. And the battle of wills that ensues just might knock love right out of the game.
      Have a Nice Day!: A Tale of Blood and Sweatsocks
Mick Foley is a nice man, a family man who loves amusement parks and eating ice cream in bed. So how to explain those Japanese death matches in rings with explosives, golden thumbtacks and barbed wire instead of rope? The second-degree burn tissue? And the missing ear that was ripped off during a bout-in which he kept fighting? Here is an intimate glimpse into Mick Foley's mind, his history, his work and what some might call his pathology. Now with a bonus chapter summarizing the past 15 months-from his experience as a bestselling author through his parting thoughts before his final match. A tale of blood, sweat, tears and more blood-all in his own words-straight from the twisted genius behind Cactus Jack, Dude Love, and Mankind.
      The Majors
America's bestselling sportswriter spends a year behind the scenes at the most competitive events in golf - the four tournaments known as the Majors.
      Rush
From Samantha Towle, New York Times bestselling author of Breaking Hollywood and Ruin, comes a new powerful, passionate and dramatic contemporary romance.With the first pick in the 2015 Nfl Draft, the New York Giants select… It's een three years since quarterback Ares Kincaid's fl dream came true, and he's iving the high life. The days of cleaning up after his drunk of a father are long gone, and he has no intention of going back.A car crash and DUI charge meant a lengthy stint in rehab for Arianna Petrelli, and her dream of being a professional artist slips further away when she's acked from her position at a gallery. Her need for a job stronger even than her dislike of football, Ari goes to work for her father, the head coach of the New York Giants.Ares hates alcoholics, which is fine with Ari because she thinks he's  brainless jock. Yet when Ares rescues Ari from a situation with her ex-boyfriend, an unlikely friendship begins – one that quickly becomes more.But messing around with the coach's aughter can only lead to one thing…trouble.'A moving and fan-yourself-worthy love story' USA Today's Happy Ever After on Ruin
      What Made Maddy Run: The Secret Struggles and Tragic Death of an All-American Teen
The #1 New York Times Monthly Sports and Fitness bestsellerFrom noted ESPN commentator and journalist Kate Fagan, the heartbreaking and vital story of college athlete Madison Holleran, whose death by suicide rocked the University of Pennsylvania campus and whose life reveals with haunting detail and uncommon understanding the struggle of young people suffering from mental illness today.If you scrolled through the Instagram feed of 19-year-old Maddy Holleran, you would see a perfect life: a freshman at an Ivy League school, recruited for the track team, who was also beautiful, popular, and fiercely intelligent. This was a girl who succeeded at everything she tried, and who was only getting started.But when Maddy began her long-awaited college career, her parents noticed something changed. Previously indefatigable Maddy became withdrawn, and her thoughts centered on how she could change her life. In spite of thousands of hours of practice and study, she contemplated transferring from the school that had once been her dream. When Maddy's dad, Jim, dropped her off for the first day of spring semester, she held him a second longer than usual. That would be the last time Jim would see his daughter.What Made Maddy Run began as a piece that Kate Fagan, a columnist for espnW, wrote about Maddy's life. What started as a profile of a successful young athlete whose life ended in suicide became so much larger when Fagan started to hear from other college athletes also struggling with mental illness. This is the story of Maddy Holleran's life, and her struggle with depression, which also reveals the mounting pressures young people, and college athletes in particular, face to be perfect, especially in an age of relentless connectivity and social media saturation.
      Kicked
Trent Carrington.Trent Mr. Perfect-Has-Everyone-Fooled Carrington.He's he star quarterback, university scholar, and happens to be the sexiest man I ve ever seen. He shines at any angle, and especially under the Saturday night stadium lights where I watch him from the sidelines. But I know the real him, the one who broke my heart and pretended I didn t exist for the past two years.I m the third-string kicker, the only woman on the team and nothing better than a mascot. Until I m not. Until I get my chance to earn a full scholarship and join the team as first-string. The only way I'll make the cut is to accept help from the one man I swore never to trust again. The problem is, with each stolen glance and lingering touch, I begin to realize that trusting Trent isn t the problem. It's hat I can t trust myself when I m around him. This is a full-length, sweet, hot, safe, standalone American football romance novel.
      Push the Envelope
Alexa is just your average college junior, attending classes and piloting Mile High Club charter flights. Boys haven't been on her radar for a couple years after a disastrous breakup with her high school sweetheart. Her plans to focus on school hit a bit of a snag when she meets bad-boy Drake Bennett and he sets his sights on making her his own. Drake transferred to Blythe College for the rugby team, not for a new assortment of college girls.  He's sexy and cocky, and he attracts women like moths to a flame. When he meets Alexa, Drake knows he's met his match. She tries to resist him, but Drake isn't used to taking no for an answer.This does not have a cliffhanger.Warning: 18+ due to sexual content
      QB 1
From #1 New York Times bestselling author of TRAVEL TEAM, HEAT, and MILLION-DOLLAR THROW comes a cheer-worthy, family-friendly football novel set amid the Friday Night Lights world of Texas high school football.Jake Cullen is a freshman quarterback playing high school football in the high-pressure land of Friday Night Lights (Texas). He is also the brother of Wyatt Cullen, who quarterbacked his team to the Texas State Championship last season--not to mention the son of former Nfl quarterback and local legend, Troy Cullen. To be a Cullen in Texas is to be royalty . . . and a quarterback. All of which leaves 14-year-old Jake in a Texas-sized shadow, a tall order for any boy, especially one who's merely a freshman.While his teammates assume the starting job will be handed to Jake on a silver platter, the truth is that he has to fight for every snap and every ounce of respect. Jake may be a Cullen and he may play quarterback, but he is not his brother or his father. Being a good teammate comes naturally to Jake; being a winner and a celebrity does not. He's just like every other boy--awkward around a pretty girl, in awe of his famous family, and desperate to simultaneously blend in and cast his own shadow.Inspired by the real-life Manning family of quarterbacks (father Archie, Super Bowl-winning sons Peyton and Eli) and set amid the football-crazy culture of Texas immortalized in Friday Night Lights, QB 1 is a coming-of-age story perfect for the fan of MILLION-DOLLAR THROW, HEAT, and of course FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS.This is a wonderful book by a great writer.  All football fathers and sons will enjoy it.--Archie Manning 
      Tempting the Player
A sexy category romance from Entangled's Brazen imprint...He's a player on and off the field...Chad Gamble, all-star pitcher for the Nationals, is one of the best players on—and off—the field. And right now, the notorious bad boy wants Bridget Rodgers. But with her lush curves and snappy comebacks, the feisty redhead is the kind of woman a man wants to settle down with…and that's he last thing Chad needs.When the paparazzi catch them in a compromising position, Chad's anager issues an ultimatum: clean up his act or kiss his multi-million dollar contract goodbye. To save his career, his meddling publicist says he'll have to convince everyone Bridget isn t just his flavor of the week, but his girlfriend.Being blackmailed into a fake relationship with Chad Gamble isn t easy, especially when the sizzling physical attraction between them is undeniable. With a month to go on their arranged pretense, it's going to take every ounce of willpower they have not to fall into bed together...or in love.
      The Final Four
Four players with one thing in common: the will to winMalcolm wants to get to the NBA ASAP. Roko wants to be the pride of his native Croatia. Crispin wants the girl of his dreams. M.J. just wants a chance.March Madness is in full swing, and there are only four teams left in the NCAA basketball championship. The heavily favored Michigan Spartans and the underdog Troy Trojans meet in the first game in the semifinals, and it's there that the fates of Malcolm, Roko, Crispin, and M.J. intertwine. As the last moments tick down on the game clock, you'll learn how each player went from being a kid who loved to shoot hoops to a powerful force in one of the most important games of the year. Which team will leave the Superdome victorious? In the end it will come down to which players have the most skill, the most drive, and the most heart.
      Meat Market: A Season Inside College Football's No. 1 Recruiting Machine
In college football circles, the first Wednesday in February is New Year's Day, the Fourth of July, and Christmas all rolled into one. It's payoff time for a year spent screening miles of videotape and probing mountains of data, balancing the promise of a dazzling 40-yard-dash time against the perils of a putrid GPA, and text-messaging high schoolers 50 times a day. It's the day when coaches across the country camp out in front of their fax machines waiting for their football futures to be decided by a bunch of 18-year-olds. It's National Signing Day.In this surprising and unprecedented dissection of college football's secret season, author Bruce Feldman takes you deep inside the war room of Ole Miss head coach Ed Orgeron, the combustible Cajun who built national championship teams at the University of Miami and USC before setting up shop in the Deep South. In a blow-by-blow account of the year leading up to National Signing Day 2007, Feldman reveals the inner secrets of Orgeron's success, recounting every step along the way as Orgeron and his Ole Miss staff pick 25 winners from a list of 1,000 names.Meat Market makes the actual football season the one that runs from September through January read like a postscript.
      Sure Shot
A new stand-alone hockey romance from USA Today bestseller Sarina Bowen. On the eve of her thirtieth birthday, sports agent Bess Beringer is ready to make some changes. Armed with a five-year plan—indexed and color coded—she ll tackle her personal life with the same zeal that she brings to her successful agency. A big, tall, ripped hunk of hockey player who's ust been traded to the Brooklyn Bruisers is not a part of that plan. Mark Tank  Tankiewicz has a lot of baggage. He's  ride-or-die loner with a bad reputation. He's n the rebound. He's lso the sexiest thing on two legs, and for some crazy reason it's ess that he wants. She knows better. But then she falls stupid in love with him anyway. And for a while it seems like maybe he ll do the same. Until she asks him for the one thing he can never give her…
      All the Way
His protective streak runs a mile wide. She won't let her past define her.If you're in the mood for EXPLOSIVE CHEMISTRY, soul-mate deep love and tons of feels, get yourself a copy of this standalone romance today!I know it's ime to move on from my rocky past and get back out there and start dating again.It's ust that every time I think about it, I get all nervous and sweaty.Good thing I have a secret weapon to help me—my best friend, professional hockey stud Owen Parrish.He's he king of hookups, and promises he ll be my guide through the world of online dating. With his help, I know this won t be as hard.  I ve never been this hard in my entire life.My friend Becca wants my help hooking her up with some douchey guy from a dating app.I said I d help her—but now I m noticing all kinds of things I can t ignore, like how pretty she is behind those baggy clothes and messy buns.I want to be the one to help her, to show her the ropes in the bedroom, and it turns out, Becca's ame to let me take a more hands-on approach.But what happens when she's eady to take her newfound confidence and move on? I ve never been boyfriend material, but for her, I want to try.Your favorite hot jocks are back with an all new standalone novel. If you like sexy, confident men who know how to handle a stick (on and off the ice), and smart women who are strong enough to keep all those big egos in check, this series is for you!(Books can be enjoyed in any order.)
      The MVP Machine: How Baseball's New Nonconformists Are Using Data to Build Better Players
Move over, Moneyball -- a cutting-edge look at major league baseball's next revolution: the high-tech quest to build better players. As bestselling authors Ben Lindbergh and Travis Sawchik reveal in The MVP Machine, the Moneyball era is over. Fifteen years after Michael Lewis brought the Oakland Athletics' groundbreaking team-building strategies to light, every front office takes a data-driven approach to evaluating players, and the league's smarter teams no longer have a huge advantage in valuing past performance.Lindbergh and Sawchik's behind-the-scenes reporting reveals:How the 2017 Astros and 2018 Red Sox used cutting-edge technology to win the World SeriesHow undersized afterthoughts José Altuve and Mookie Betts became big sluggers and MVPsHow polarizing pitcher Trevor Bauer made himself a Cy Young contenderHow new analytical tools have overturned traditional pitching and hitting techniquesHow a wave of young talent is making MLB both better than ever and arguably worse to watchInstead of out-drafting, out-signing, and out-trading their rivals, baseball's best minds have turned to out-developing opponents, gaining greater edges than ever by perfecting prospects and eking extra runs out of older athletes who were once written off. Lindbergh and Sawchik take us inside the transformation of former fringe hitters into home-run kings, show how washed-up pitchers have emerged as aces, and document how coaching and scouting are being turned upside down. The MVP Machine charts the future of a sport and offers a lesson that goes beyond baseball: Success stems not from focusing on finished products, but from making the most of untapped potential.
      Bulldozer
What happens when a single mother is forced to live with a grumpy, ailing football star? The smolder turns red hot of course.Amanda Shaw has pulled it together. It's aken a couple of years, a boatload of hard work, and a ton of self-discipline, but she finally has her problems in a headlock. Her yoga studio in the city has become so successful she's pening one near the beach, and her relationship with her ten year old son is improving every day. The last thing she needs is a monkey wrench thrown into her smoothly running life.Grant Hendricks is one big monkey wrench. The four time Defensive Player of the Year, three time Nfl sack leader, and all around football god has officially hit rock bottom. A devastating back injury means he may have to retire and that scares him more than doctors telling him the next hit could leave him paralyzed. All he needs is a quiet place to think and his teammate's each house sounds like just the place. Problem is, the woman already living there.You know the drill, folks. This book is chock full of naughty words and steamy moments. Not for delicate sensibilities and anyone under 18.
      Pitch Please
Baseball is life, the rest is just details.Everyone who's layed the game has heard those words a time or two. But Hancock has heard them his entire life from his parents. His family has lived and breathed baseball even before he started little league.Hancock Parts  Peters has a name that inspires grins across many faces, but the moment those faces get their first look at him, those grins slide away.Hancock is gruff, filterless, and doesn t give a crap who he offends. He is the only man in baseball who doesn t care if he gets an endorsement or not. He's here to play the game. He's here to win. He's here because baseball is his life.People think he's  jerk.And maybe he is. But if that's ow he has to come off to get people to leave him the hell alone so he can play in peace, so be it. The less people he has to worry about offending, the better.***Don t let the fear of striking out hold you back. Sway Coffman didn t mean to rock the boat. She was just there to do her job.Sure, she was a woman in a man's orld. Yes, she beat out several of those men to get the job as head athletic trainer for the professional baseball team, The Texas Lumberjacks. And yeah, she now got hate mail from those men.But she's ood at her job, and she earned the position.What she is not good at, however, is talking to men.Men seem to see her curvy hips, large breasts and thick thighs and automatically think she is incompetent. Because surely a fat girl couldn t get the job treating some of the most fit and athletic men in the world, right?Wrong.This fat girl got the job, and she is proud of it.What else did she get?The attention of the sexiest bearded man she d ever had the pleasure of laying eyes on.It was enough to bring to her down to her knees…in front of that man, the hot and grumpy baseball player, Hancock Peters.
      Wait for It
If anyone ever said being an adult was easy, they hadn't been one long enough. Diana Casillas can admit it: she doesn't know what the hell she's doing half the time. How she's made it through the last two years of her life without killing anyone is nothing short of a miracle. Being a grown-up wasn't supposed to be so hard. With a new house, two little boys she inherited the most painful possible way, a giant dog, a job she usually loves, more than enough family, and friends, she has almost everything she could ever ask for. Except for a boyfriend. Or a husband. But who needs either one of those?
      Sliding Home
WHO D BEEN SLEEPING IN KASON RHODES's ED? The left fielder for the Richmond Rogues had returned from six weeks of spring training in florida to find someone had moved into his mobile home. That person was presently in his shower. And no matter how sexy the squatter might be, Kason wanted her out. He had his trusty dobie, Cimarron; he didn t need anyone else in his life. Not even a stubborn tomboy who roused all kinds of wild reactions in him, then soothed his soul with peace offerings of home-cooked meals and kindness. The bad boy of baseball was ready to play hardball if need be, but with Dayne Sheridan firmly planted between his sheets, he found himself. . .SLIDING HOME 
      The Second We Met
Dear Jerk Across the Street, sorry for accidentally walking in on you and catching an eyeful of your—equipment. And hard pass on the open invitation to join you in the shower anytime , A-hole. That's he note I should ve written. Instead I sent a pleasant and apologetic version.  Had I known Phoenix Nix  Russo would ve been the neighbor from hell, I d have told him right where he could shove my words.  Nix is the big man on campus with everyone lined up at his games to make sure he knows it. Sure, he's ot piercing blue eyes, abs that don t quit and a smile that could set fire to a set of panties from a hundred yards away, but he's lso the biggest pain in my ass. Dear Pink-Haired Menace, learn how to take a joke and stop being such a kill-joy...Elle Masterson called the cops on one of my parties—again. My sweet talking usually gets me out of trouble, but this time it got me into a nice pair of silver handcuffs. Now I m on a reputation rehab tour with a stop at a spring break community service project.  Guess who's y new boss?  Now we re shoulder to shoulder, sweaty, tired and…she's ot anything like I expected. There might just be a heart under that hardass exterior. She's nvading my dreams and I can t shake the feeling she's he key to unlocking a piece of me that I ve hidden away.  It's nly a matter of time until she finds out why I m really here. Maybe I can break through her walls and into her heart before that happens...one screw at a time.**The Second We Met is a standalone new adult romance**
      The Ex Effect
The headline could write itself: Matthew Hawkins, star defensive end, comes out of retirement to play for the Washington Wolves.  Which is perfectly fine by Ava Baker—it makes her job as publicist for the team easier.  There's nly two problems. This particular football player was her first crush.  The bigger problem: Matthew Hawkins was once engaged to her older sister.  It's een ten years since Ava has seen Matthew. He's igger, better looking, and best of all—completely single. Despite his history with her sister, the attraction between Ava and Matthew isn t so one-sided anymore.  It's ot enough to burn down the entire city of Seattle.  But this headline is far more complicated to write. And not just for the press or what it means for her family— because once her heart is involved, there's o predicting the ending.
      King of Campus
Roan King.The uncrowned king of Barnett University. He's like a freaking celebrity around here. It's totally ridiculous. People, by which I mean grown women, actually stalk him on the internet. And around campus. Apparently he's god's gift to both football and the ladies (I'm using that term loosely). All he has to do is smile and girls just fall right onto their backs before spreading their legs nice and wide. I've heard that he's already plowed his way through half the female population here at Barnett. I'm sure he'll work his way through the second half before he gets drafted to the Nfl later this year.Yeah... I don't plan to be one of them. The guy is nothing more than a conceited player. You know the type—a steroid infused meathead jock coasting through college on his football prowess.Ugh.I have three words for you—avoid, avoid, avoid.Need I say more?I don't think so.I've had the sad misfortune of running into him on campus. Literally. As in—I literally slammed into him before spilling my iced coffee drink all over that wide rippling chest of his (did I just say that?). What I learned from the experience is that Roan King is one hell of a cocky son of a—I also learned that he has the most spectacular chest...And don't even get me started on those abs... I could probably cut diamonds on them.Unfortunately for me, Operation Avoid-Roan-King isn't going so well. Everywhere I go, there he is. If he wasn't so ridiculously hot, he would be a hell of a lot easier to forget. With his dark hair, shocking turquoise colored eyes and (damn him) buff body, he's easily the most gorgeous guy I've ever laid eyes on.Crap... see what I mean?Why do I suddenly have the bad feeling that Roan King is going to lead to my utter ruin and downfall?This is a mature New Adult novel with strong language and sexual situations intended for readers over the age of 18.
      Amour Amour
Love is a circusEvery day,  he says lowly, I hold a person's ife in my hands. The circus is based one-hundred percent off trust. I give it all to someone, and they give it all to me. The best aerial technique won t land 21-year-old Thora James her dream role in Amour—a sexy new acrobatic show on the Vegas strip. Thora knows she's ut of her element the second she meets Amour's eading performer. Confident, charming and devilishly captivating, 26-year-old Nikolai Kotova lives up to his nickname as the God of Russia. When Thora unknowingly walks into the crosshairs of Nikolai's fter-show, her audition process begins way too soon. Unprofessional. That's hat Nik calls their non-existent  relationship. It's ot like Thora can avoid him. For one, they may be partners in the future—acrobatic partners, that is. But getting closer to Nik means diving deeper into sin city and into his dizzying world. Thora wants to perform with him, but when someone like Nikolai attracts the spotlight wherever he goes—Thora fears that she's estined to be just background to his spellbinding show.This sexy and exhilarating New Adult Romance can best be described as Cirque du Soleil meets the steamy, athletic romance of Center Stage. *standalone & no love triangles—recommended for readers 18+ for mature content*
      No Limits
A surprise inheritance reunites a mixed martial arts fighter with the woman he's never forgotten in the first in a smoldering new series from New York Times bestselling author Lori Foster… Cannon Colter is quintessential hero material: chiseled jawline, shredded body—the works. He's also the guy who rescued Yvette Sweeny from kidnappers, only to put an end to her romantic dreams. These days, she's older, smarter, determined to face whatever life throws her way. Even the prospect of sharing a house and business with Cannon. Cannon knew Yvette wanted him three years ago. But she was young—and some things are worth waiting for. Thrown together by her grandfather's legacy, he realizes how deep Yvette's scars really go, and how much danger lurks in their quiet town. As pent-up desire explodes between them, protecting her becomes the only fight that matters. And he'll break all the rules to do it…
      Undisputed Truth
A bare-knuckled, tell-all memoir from Mike Tyson, the onetime heavyweight champion of the world—and a legend both in and out of the ring.   Philosopher, Broadway headliner, fighter, felon—Mike Tyson has defied stereotypes, expectations, and a lot of conventional wisdom during his three decades in the public eye. Bullied as a boy in the toughest, poorest neighborhood in Brooklyn, Tyson grew up to become one of the most thrilling and ferocious boxers of all time—and the youngest heavyweight champion ever. But his brilliance in the ring was often compromised by reckless behavior. Years of hard partying, violent fights, and criminal proceedings took their toll: by 2003, Tyson had hit rock bottom, a convicted felon, completely broke, the punch line to a thousand bad late-night jokes. Yet he fought his way back; the man who once admitted being addicted �to everything  regained his success, his dignity, and the love of his family. With a triumphant one-man stage show, his unforgettable performances in the Hangover films, and his newfound happiness and stability as a father and husband, Tyson's tory is an inspiring American original. Brutally honest, raw, and often hilarious, Tyson chronicles his tumultuous highs and lows in the same sincere, straightforward manner we have come to expect from this legendary athlete. A singular journey from Brooklyn's hettos to worldwide fame to notoriety, and, finally, to a tranquil wisdom, Undisputed Truth is not only a great sports memoir but an autobiography for the ages.
      The Change Up
BREAKING NEWS: The Bad Boy of Baseball, Maddox Paige, is totally and utterly whipped. Okay, that might not be the headlines in the newspaper this morning, but it's the reality of my current situation. It all started a month ago when I received a call from my best friend, Kinsley. She got a new job in Chicago and needed a place to stay. I've known the girl since I was five, what harm would it be to have her stay at my place for a while?Ha! Total disaster. Now instead of going out every night with my teammates, I'm couch surfing and sketching endless photos of my best friend . . . but that's the least of my concerns. The disaster, you ask? I'm rapidly falling head over cleats in love with my best friend, my roommate, and my number one fan. And she has no idea . . .
      Out in the Deep
Derek Vaughn is a little too serious. He's  type A control personality with a penchant for order and a love of water polo. But he's etermined to enjoy his last year of college. The real world with a serious job and big expectations can wait for a few months. He's oing soak up every minute on campus with his friends and teammates before he moves on. The only possible kink in his plan is the new guy on the team… also known as his nemesis.  Gabe Chadwick has big Olympic dreams. His transfer between Southern California universities has nothing to do with scholastics. The degree is his backup plan. He's ot there to party or make friends. And he certainly isn t going to announce his sexuality. But he can t deny there's omething special about the uptight team captain. However, when an unwitting friendship and mutual attraction collide, both will have to decide if this is the real thing or if they re about to lose it all in the deep. 
      Basketball: A Love Story
A sweeping and revelatory history of basketball, drawing upon hundreds of hours of interviews with the greatest players, coaches, executives, and journalists in the history of the game.In an effort to tell the complete story of basketball in all its fascinating dimensions, celebrated journalists Jackie Macmullan and Rafe Bartholomew have compiled nearly a thousand hours' worth of interviews with a staggering number of basketball greats. They've talked to hundreds of legendary players, such as Kobe Bryant, LeBron James, and Magic Johnson, and spoken with renowned coaches, including Phil Jackson and Coach K, as well as numerous executives, commissioners, and journalists. Most impressive was the extraordinary quality of the interviews. Again and again, players spoke candidly about secrets and told stories they'd never before discussed on the record.The book that grew out of those interviews is an extraordinary project and quite possibly the most ambitious basketball book ever written. At once a definitive oral history and something far more literary and intimate, this is the never-before-told story of how basketball came to be, and about what it means to those who've given their lives to the game.
      Trick Play
They'll do whatever it takes to save their team. But can two best friends survive a fake relationship? Luke Trent is desperate to bring his team back together. If the Tigers can't get over their slump, he'll never make it to the pros. With the LGBT-inclusive 'Rainbow Tigers' mania dying down, it'll take a crazy scheme to restore their former glory, and Luke has the perfect one in mind: Dating his best friend. Brandon Tucker has secretly been in love with Luke for years. He knows he's going to get hurt if he agrees to a pretend relationship with his very straight friend, but he can't help it. This is as close as he'll ever get to the real thing. The strength of their friendship makes their lie an easy sell, and things are looking up for the Tigers. But when Luke kisses him in front of the whole team, Brandon can't help but wonder if the only man he's ever wanted might actually want him back. With the fire of their fake romance beginning to burn true, a teammate's evastating betrayal forces them to make a difficult choice: Sacrifice their relationship to save their career, or give up everything else for the chance at a once-in-a-lifetime love.
      Roommates
Life is full of expectations. For Brady Coldwell it's always been about the game. Hockey is and always will be, his life. His family sacrificed everything to get him here and he won't let them down. He knows what's expected of him. Natalie Banks is no different. She too knows what it means to have everyone sacrifice for you. She knows about the debt that's left owing in the end and the price you pay for making up your own mind. But when an innocent mistake lands them as roommates, neither of them is prepared for the feelings they have or the consequences of their actions. How do you negotiate matters of the heart? How do you say no when it simply feels so right?
      Play On
A tale of pride over prejudice on the soccer pitch kicks off this gay romance series set in ScotlandDuncan Harris is on the edge. Scandal has shredded his LGBT soccer team's istory-making season, and now the once-unflappable striker is lashing out. Only one person can tame Duncan's age and make him feel like himself again…Bullied by schoolmates in his wee village, Brodie Campbell lurked deep in the closet before coming to the city of Glasgow. Here at university he's ut and proud, but the years of abuse have left him emotionally paralyzed. Can flatmate Duncan help Brodie escape his past and heal his wounded heart?As the two lads grow closer, Brodie can t forget how athletes like Duncan once tortured him. When Duncan attacks an opponent who threatens Brodie, the situation escalates. Soon Brodie doesn t feel safe anywhere—especially in Duncan's rms.To defeat the bullies who ve wrecked his life, his mind, and his ability to love, Brodie must find the strength to fight his own battles. And Duncan must find the strength to let him.
      Offside Chance
Judah Brody meets William Slater and it's loathe at first sight. Jude had spent his whole life in his famous brother's hadow. Returning to New Orleans seemed like a good idea now that Levi was back home. But Jude couldn t turn around without something of Levi's etting in his way. In this case it's evi's est friend, a three hundred pound knuckle-dragger named Slayer, who likes strippers, football, porn and making Jude's ife miserable—not necessarily in that order. William Slater's eason couldn t get much worse. He lost his house to fire, his contract was set to expire, and his prospects of getting picked up by another team were slim to none. House sitting for his best friend was the only bright spot in an otherwise bleak New Orleans winter. Until Levi's tuck up nerd of a brother came to stay. A freak winter snow storm, deep familial secrets, and a whole lot of male/male bonding wasn't exactly in the game plan. But bragging rights were on the line and there wasn t an offside chance in hell of this game going into overtime.
      Veeck As In Wreck: The Autobiography of Bill Veeck
Bill Veeck was an inspired team builder, a consummate showman, and one of the greatest baseball men ever involved in the game. His classic autobiography, written with the talented sportswriter Ed Linn, is an uproarious book packed with information about the history of baseball and tales of players and owners, including some of the most entertaining stories in all of sports literature.
      Family Camp
When Geo signs up for Family Camp, he envisions nature hikes,'s ores, and a chance to win over his recalcitrant new foster kids, Jayden and Lucy. He's ried to become a dad for so long, and he hopes the three of them can be the family he's lways wanted. What he doesn t anticipate is the prickly and gorgeous camp counselor who constantly comes to his rescue.Travis spends a week every year at Camp Evermore, the camp his adoptive parents own. As a pro baseball player, his presence guarantees a full campground and excited campers. He has one rule: never, ever mess around with anyone at camp. His profession demands he stay in the closet. But one sweet and funny new dad is about to test all his resolve.Sparks fly for Geo and Travis, and not because of the nightly campfire. Having been a foster kid himself, Travis is drawn to Geo's incerity and big heart and to his kids. The four of them just fit. But will this be a summer romance? Or can they find a way to be a family long after Family Camp is over?
      Red Card: How the U.S. Blew the Whistle on the World's Biggest Sports Scandal
The definitive, shocking account of the FIFA scandal—the biggest international corruption case of recent years, spearheaded by US investigators, involving dozens of countries, and implicating nearly every aspect of the world's ost popular sport, soccer, including its biggest event, the World Cup.The FIFA case began small, boosted by an IRS agent's eview of an American soccer official's ax returns. But that humble investigation eventually led to a huge worldwide corruption scandal that crossed continents and reached the highest levels of the soccer's orld governing body in Switzerland.  In Red Card, Ken Bensinger explores the case, and the personalities behind it, in vivid detail. There's huck Blazer, a high-living soccer dad who ascended to the highest ranks of the sport while creaming millions from its coffers; Jack Warner, a Trinidadian soccer official whose lust for power was matched only by his boundless greed; and the sport's ost powerful man, FIFA president Sepp Blatter, who held on to his position at any cost even as soccer rotted from the inside out.  Remarkably, this corruption existed for decades before American law enforcement officials began to secretly dig, finally revealing that nearly every aspect of the planet's avorite sport was corrupted by bribes, kickbacks, fraud, and money laundering. Not even the World Cup, the most-watched sporting event in history, was safe from the thick web of corruption, as powerful FIFA officials extracted their bribes at every turn. Arriving just in time for the 2018 World Cup, Red Card goes beyond the headlines to bring the real story to light, accompanying the determined American prosecutors and special agents who uncovered what proved to be not only the biggest scandal in sports history, but one of the biggest international corruption cases ever. And it is far from over.
      Racer
A bad boy with something to prove.A woman with a mission.The race of their lives.The love of a lifetime.I don t think his parents expected him to live up to his name—Racer Tate—but once he felt the adrenaline rush behind the wheel, he was addicted.He's the fastest, fiercest driver around.Scouting new talent brings me to his doorstep...but his smile sends me to my knees.The sexy, mysterious Racer Tate is not the kind of man a girl like me falls for. He's secretive, reckless, elusive. But his proximity pushes me beyond reason, and his kiss....This is our last chance to win, and he is our only hope. I'm supposed to watch him—make sure he doesn't get into trouble. But it's an impossible task. And now the one in heart wrenching, toe-curling, soul-crushing trouble is me. Because when your heart belongs to someone, their truths become your own, and their secrets become your salvation...or your curse.He says he wants me. He says I'm the One. But he also thinks he'll break my heart, one piece at a time until it's gone.
      Coach
Retiring from the Nfl was the right decision, and at thirty years old, I've done things most people could only dream of. After all I've accomplished, coaching high school football should be easy...but when you've got a distraction in the form of a nerdy girl with curves, things can get complicated.She's a student, she's barely legal, and she's my best friend's aughter. I didn't know what desire was until Megan. I had no idea obsession could drive someone insane, until I saw her. I wasn't prepared for the fact that once I laid eyes on Megan my life would really begin.I have to have her, no matter what the cost. I have to breed her and bind her to me so tightly she can't ever get away. She'll be mine, even if I have to take her.Warning: this book is ridiculous, over the top, completely unbelievable, and pretty much just about breeding the heroine. If you're okay with that, welcome to my dirty, dirty book! Just remember, I warned you.
      Fighting Shadows
I come from a family of fighters. I always thought I d follow in their shadows, becoming unstoppable in the ring. That changed the day I saved the life of a woman I loved, but could never have.My brother hailed me as a hero, and my reward was a wheelchair.Paralyzed, my life became an inescapable nightmare.Until I met her.Ash Mabie had a heart-stopping smile and a laugh that numbed the rage and resentment brewing inside of me. She showed me that even the darkest night still had stars, and it didn t matter one bit that you had to lie in the weeds to see them.I was a jaded asshole who fell for a girl with a knack for running away. I couldn t even walk but I would have spent a lifetime chasing her.Now, I m on the ropes during the toughest battles of my life.Fighting the shadows of our past.Fighting to reclaim my future.Fighting for her.
      Hooked by Love
Things are out of control for the Sinclair boys! With two already in the NHL, Jace Sinclair is ready to follow in his brothers  HUGE skates in the last Bellevue Bullies novel…Jace Sinclair here, and I m amazing. There is no other way to describe me. I am the leading scorer for the Bellevue Bullies, I m the captain, and people love me: my family, my teammates, my coach, and the NHL. I already have one foot in the draft and I m ready. This is my last year in college–it's asically a conditioning year to get me ready for the NHL, to further my game, and I have to be focused. But then, it's lso my last year to have fun and not give a damn before my life really starts. Which means I m gonna run through every girl I meet. That's y plan. Because my one and only love is hockey. It keeps me warm even when it's reezing. It's lways there when nothing else is. And it pushes me to be the best I can be. It's y love.That is, until I see her against a tree with a guitar.Avery.The last thing I wanted was to meet anyone. My heart is on the bench because I ve watched my mom get broken by the person I call my father, and I don t want that for myself. I don t want to be hurt by anyone. I can t give them that power.But my heart is begging for ice time, and I can t control it around her.* * *I ve always been in the background. No one has ever had time for me and that's ine; I ve learned to cope. Coming from a family where hockey is life, the last thing I want is some big, burly hockey player charging at me. I don t have time for it, but Jace Sinclair isn t one to be deked around. The thing is, I came to the University of Bellevue for one reason and one reason only. To make my dreams of being a singer/songwriter come true. To work in the industry and pay my dues. Become who I really want to be.I didn t want to meet anyone. I didn t want to end up freezing the puck with him. It's ot what I want.I have demons.I have issues.Living in the shadows, no one even knew until it was too late. But Jace wants to know.He wants me.And that scares me the living hell out of me.We were so worried about what would happen if we fell, but we never thought what could happen in the process of falling. We never saw it coming. But it's ere, and the repercussions are not pretty. We should have known that there is no way out of the zone when you are being Hooked by Love.
      Fair Catch
Training, playing ball and studying is Lexi's ife and it never seems to bother her until her friend, Parker Hill, points out to her that sweat pants on a Friday night while watching sappy romance movies isn t really living up her last year in college. Lexi didn t see the need to party since she didn t know what the hell she was doing with her life after college but her friends wouldn t take no for an answer. Little did she know going to the first party of the season was going to flip her world upside down. Jake Taylor, starting quarterback for Cal U and campus heart throb spent his entire college career, partying, getting drunk and winning football games but it is all finally catching up to him. He is ready to throw in the towel of his partying days when he decides to have one more last fling. That is when he runs into the one person that could turn his life inside out. Lexi wants nothing to do with Jake and his partying ways but after one bet gone wrong , she finds herself on a date with the annoyingly obnoxious, egotistical heart throb. Even though she wants nothing to do with him, she finds herself gravitating toward him and giving into his charm. They fall hard and fast for each other as they find love, comfort and a home. They live in their own littler world where nothing matters besides the love they share for each other. But love isn t enough for Lexi when she is trying to find her way after college. She slowly sinks into Jake's hadow and finds herself clawing out of the Jake sized hole she buried herself in so she can find who she is, who she wants to be and what her future holds for her. Fair Catch is a true love story that goes through the trials and tribulations of Jake and Lexi's nsecurities, jealousies, short comings and strong personalities. Love is one hell of a strong bond but sometimes, it's ot strong enough. Follow Jake and Lexi as they try to hold on to the love they share while they try to find themselves and find out what life is after graduation.
      Beautiful Broken Rules
The most valuable lesson Emerson Moore ever learned was from her parents: Never get too attached to someone else. That's hy this hard-partying college student plays by her own code of bedroom conduct, refusing to stay with the same guy for too long. She gets all the pleasure of having a good time without the messiness of a relationship.. So what if frat house–hopping has earned her a certain reputation around campus? At least no one gets hurt this way—especially her.When ridiculously gorgeous Jaxon Riley moves in next door, Emerson's ot sure how long her vow against emotional intimacy can last. Jaxon's attoo, muscles, and sexy voice make him tempting, but he also seems to really understand her…until his jealous ex-girlfriend and Emerson's ife-changing discovery about her parents get thrown into the mix. After everything she's een through, can Emerson handle a real relationship? Or will breaking her rules just lead to a broken heart?
      Out of My League: A Rookie's Survival in the Bigs
Picking up where the New York Times bestseller The Bullpen Gospels leaves off, Out of My League continues Hayhurst's hilarious roller-coaster baseball odyssey through his rookie season.
      Offside
Adam Dumas is Major League Soccer's nly openly gay player. When he is transferred to St. Louis, his new teammates don t exactly roll out the welcome mat. It doesn t help that Adam sees the Gateway to the West  as a step down from his high-profile position in LA—an attitude Adam has no problem sharing with his new housemate and fellow center forward, Colin Evets. Colin is Adam's nly friend on the team, but when Adam misinterprets Colin's idwestern charm for something more, he could end up ruining both their friendship and their careers. As Adam struggles to make a better impression, Colin tries to decide if the person he's een showing the world is who he wants to be with Adam. The pressure to win influences decisions both on the field and off as Adam and Colin discover how making the wrong move can be very right.
      The Batboy
From the #1 New York Times bestseller Mike Lupica comes the story of baseball's unsung hero: The Batboy It is every baseball kid's ream summer job: batboy for your hometown Major League team. Yet for fourteen year- old Brian, the job means more than just the chance to hang around his idols. Baseball was the job his father loved so much, in the end he couldn t leave it. Yet he could leave his family. Now Brian sees the job as the way to win back his father. There is no winning back some people, though. Just ask Hank Bishop—once the most popular player in baseball before he was banned for using steroids. Now he is making his comeback. And an unlikely friendship slowly develops between this man in need of a family and this boy in need of a father.Mike Lupica, king of the sports novel, delivers his most powerful and kid-friendly to date. A pennant winner.  –Kirkus Reviews   Lupica. . .giv[es] his readers a behind-the-scenes look at major league sports. In this novel, he adds genuine insights into family dynamics and the emotional state of his hero.  –Booklist   [T]his novel will undoubtedly appeal to those who equate summer with baseball, it should also win over readers who appreciate finely crafted storytelling and engaging characters.  –School Library Journal       
      Miracle on 49th Street
In the tradition of About a Boy comes a feel good sports and holiday novel from #1 New York Times bestselling author Mike Lupica.Josh Cameron has it all: a World Championship ring with the Boston Celtics, an MVP award, a clean-cut image, and the adoration of millions. What he doesn't have is family. Until the day 12-year-old smartaleck Molly Parker confronts him in a parking lot and claims to be his daughter—the only daughter of Jen Parker, Josh's college sweetheart and the still the only girl he's ever loved. Trouble is, Jen Parker died last year, and now Molly has tracked down the father she never knew, the one her mother never wanted her to know about. Josh Cameron cares about two things only: himself, and basketball. The last thing this superstar wants or needs is a 12-year-old daughter. Yet this isn't just any 12-year-old. Mr. World Champion has finally met his match.
      Five Seasons: A Baseball Companion
Five Seasons covers the baseball seasons from 1972 through 1976, described as the most significant half decade in the history of the game.  The era was notable for the remarkable individual feats of Hank Aaron, Lou Brock, and Nolan Ryan, among others. It also presented one of the best World Series of all time (1975), including still the greatest World Series game ever played (Game Six). Along with visiting other games and campaigns, Roger Angell meets a trio of Tigers-obsessed fans, goes to a game with a departing old-style owner, watches high-school ball in Kentucky with a famous scout, and explores the sad and astounding mystery of Steve Blass's anished control. Angell's ive Seasons is a gem and a gift for baseball lovers of all ages.
      Bender
All Keegan wanted was a roommate who was quiet, minded their own business, and paid for part of the rent. Instead, she got Camden Brooks.  Camden, with his sinful body, sharp tongue, and the inability to stay out of Keegan's ersonal space, couldn t seem to curb his interest in the new girl who wouldn t put up with his domineering ways.  Feelings were running rampant, sexual tension was thick, and both were struggling to let go of control.  To some people, getting a roommate simply meant living with another person. But to both Camden and Keegan it was a curveball that neither was prepared to swing at.  **Strong sexual content** Can be read as a stand alone. Each brother will have their own book. (A 96,000 word novel)
      On the fly
Being sidelined for far too long due to injuries, Portland Storm player Brenden Soupy  Campbell is ready to take his career to the next level and make his new position on the team stick. After he meets the general manager's ute new assistant, Brenden knows he's ight where he's upposed to be.Determined to change things up On the fly and establish a future for herself and her children, Rachel Shaw jumps at the opportunity to work for the Storm. She's ot going to let anything—or anyone—get in her way, especially not a sexy and overly cocky hockey star.But when Brenden pulls out all the stops and turns on the charm, Rachel refuses to make the same mistake twice. Now, it's p to Brenden to cement his spot—both on the team and in Rachel's eart.
      Swagger
Levi was simple, like a child. It was the best thing about him, and it was the worst, too. When high school senior Jonas moves to Seattle, he is glad to meet Levi, a nice, soft-spoken guy and fellow basketball player. Suspense builds like a slow drumbeat as readers start to smell a rat in Ryan Hartwell, a charismatic basketball coach and sexual predator. When Levi reluctantly tells Jonas that Hartwell abused him, Jonas has to decide whether he should risk his future career to report the coach. Pitch-perfect basketball plays, well-developed characters, and fine storytelling make this psychological sports novel a slam dunk.
      Synchronicity
It's the opportunity of a lifetime for Tyler Bourne to compete in Olympic synchronized diving with veteran Aiden Oxford. The last thing he expects is to fall head over heels for his gorgeous partner. Friendly but distant, Aiden keeps him at arm's length, and Tyler knows his feelings are hopelessly one-sided. But as the Games begin, Tyler learns nothing is certain until the final dive.Dear Author,I could look at him all day. But sometimes, when he thinks I m not looking, he seems so sad…This story was written as a part of the M/M Romance Group's Love Has No Boundaries event. Group members were asked to write a story prompt inspired by a photo of their choice. Authors of the group selected a photo and prompt that spoke to them and wrote a short story.
      Hardball
Book One in the USA Today Bestselling Philadelphia Patriots Series  Will she be willing to play his game?  Dr. Holly Bell has finally achieved her dream: working as a cardiac surgeon at a prestigious children's hospital. She's totally dedicated to her patients, and she won't let anything or anyone get in her way. And a hot affair with a superstar athlete is most definitely getting in Holly's way.  Nate Carter, star pitcher for the Philadelphia Patriots, has the world in the palm of his glove. He thinks he has everything he wants--until he meets the beautiful and brainy Dr. Bell. Nate is totally up for a hot, no-strings affair, and Holly turns out to be the hottest.  But when a stalker goes after Holly, Nate has to risk everything, including his career, to protect the woman who means more to him than he ever thought possible.  The award-winning Philadelphia Patriots Series  Prequel: Fastball (Maddie & Jake) Book One: Hardball (Holly & Nate) Book Two: Bigger Than Beckham (Martha & Tony) Book Three: Curveball (Taylor & Ryan) Book Four: Payoff Pitch (Teddy & Noah) Book Five: Scoring Position (Kate & Nick) 
      Stan Musial: An American Life
When baseball fans voted on the top twenty-five players of the twentieth century in 1999, Stan Musial didn t make the cut. This glaring omission—later rectified by a panel of experts—raised an important question: How could a first-ballot Hall of Famer, widely considered one of the greatest hitters in baseball history, still rank as the most underrated athlete of all time?In Stan Musial, veteran sports journalist George Vecsey finally gives this twenty-time All-Star and St. Louis Cardinals icon the kind of prestigious biographical treatment previously afforded to his more celebrated contemporaries Ted Williams and Joe DiMaggio. More than just a chronological recounting of the events of Musial's ife, this is the definitive portrait of one of the game's est-loved but most unappreciated legends, told through the remembrances of those who played beside, worked with, and covered Stan the Man  over the course of his nearly seventy years in the national spotlight.Stan Musial never married a starlet. He didn t die young, live too hard, or squander his talent. There were no legendary displays of temper or moodiness. He was merely the most consistent superstar of his era, a scarily gifted batsman who compiled 3,630 career hits (1,815 at home and 1,815 on the road), won three World Series titles, and retired in 1963 in possession of seventeen major-league records. Away from the diamond, he proved a savvy businessman and a model of humility and graciousness toward his many fans in St. Louis and around the world. From Keith Hernandez's oyhood memories of Musial leaving tickets for him when the Cardinals were in San Francisco to the little-known story of Musial's riendship with novelist James Michener—and their mutual association with Pope John Paul II—Vecsey weaves an intimate oral history around one of the great gentlemen of baseball's reatest Generation. There may never be another Stan the Man, a fact that future Hall of Famer Albert Pujols—reluctantly nicknamed El Hombre  in Musial's onor—is quick to acknowledge. But thanks to this long-overdue reappraisal, even those who took his greatness for granted will learn to appreciate him all over again.
      Black Brother, Black Brother
From award-winning and bestselling author, Jewell Parker Rhodes comes a powerful coming-of-age story about two brothers, one who presents as white, the other as black, and the complex ways in which they are forced to navigate the world, all while training for a fencing competition. Donte wishes he were invisible. As one of the few black boys at Middlefield Prep, he feels as if he is constantly swimming in whiteness. Most of the students don't look like him. They don't like him either. Dubbed the Black Brother, Donte's teachers and classmates make it clear they wish he were more like his lighter skinned brother, Trey. Quiet, obedient.   When an incident with King Alan leads to Donte's arrest and suspension, he knows the only way to get even is to beat the king of the school at his own game: fencing. With the help of a former Olympic fencer, Donte embarks on a journey to carve out a spot on Middlefield Prep's fencing team and maybe learn something about himself along the way.
      Rev
Trent Mask puts the REV in revolution. A line has been drawn. Indie vs Pro Here at GearShark, we re straddling that line to bring you exclusive coverage of what some have dubbed the war of racing. Every war starts with a spark and ends in revolution. Drew Forrester was the spark, but his second-in-command is the REVolution. What does it take to stand brave in the face of opposition? Resolve of steel… Stubborn will… And a heart that refuses to give up. It isn t just the drivers in this war. The revolution is about more than just racing. It's bout shattering labels and taking risks. So we asked Trent Mask: Truth or Dare? His answer? Both.  Check out the full feature article inside…  *This is book 2 in the GearShark series. This book contains french fries, fast cars and two men in love. 
      Forward: A Memoir
Forward is the powerful story of an athlete who has inspired girls all over the world to believe in themselves. Abby shows us by example how to overcome problems and live a happier, braver life. —Sheryl Sandberg, Facebook COO, New York Times Bestselling author of Lean In This is the best memoir I ve read by an athlete since Andre Agassi's pen. I could not put it down, and you will not want it to end.   —Adam Grant, Wharton professor and New York Times bestselling author of Originals and Give and TakeAbby Wambach has always pushed the limits of what is possible. At age seven she was put on the boys  soccer team. At age thirty-five she would become the highest goal scorer—male or female—in the history of soccer, capturing the nation's eart with her team's2015 World Cup Championship. Called an inspiration and badass  by President Obama, Abby has become a fierce advocate for women's ights and equal opportunity, pushing to translate the success of her team to the real world.As she reveals in this searching memoir, Abby's rofessional success often masked her inner struggle to reconcile the various parts of herself: ferocious competitor, daughter, leader, wife. With stunning candor, Abby shares her inspiring and often brutal journey from girl in Rochester, New York, to world-class athlete. Far more than a sports memoir, Forward is gripping tale of resilience and redemption—and a reminder that heroism is, above all, about embracing life's hallenges with fearlessness and heart.
      Icing
Hailed by Jami Davenport as her go-to author for hockey romance,  the bestselling author of the Heller Brothers Hockey series sets the ice ablaze with another sexy novel featuring the gorgeous men of the Chicago Aces.Duncan Armstrong may be an NHL star, but he's  country boy at heart. His ultimate fantasy is going home with the Stanley Cup, not a gold-digging airhead who aspires to be a trophy wife and nothing more. Newly single and hoping to enjoy a night out with his teammates, he ends up hitting it off with a down-to-earth waitress who's  complete breath of fresh air—until Duncan learns that she's  part-time model. He tries to forget about her, but their sizzling chemistry has him coming back for more. Amber is working hard to put herself through school, and has zero interest in dating a professional athlete. She's een firsthand how fame and fortune can mess with their heads—her father's rilliant football career ended in a firestorm of addiction and infidelity. So Duncan's ttentions immediately have her on the defensive. Still, there's omething different about him. And once she stops trying to freeze him out, irresistible temptation turns into all-consuming passion.
      Down and Out
Don t read this book if you don t like snarky, dominant, tattooed men who say things like Open your mouth, and I will,  after you tell them to shove it. And don t read this book if you don t like sassy, strong-willed, fiercely independent heroines who use phrases like bossy asshole  as a term of endearment. You have been warned.*Tattooed package of sin.  That's ow Savannah Ryan would describe her new boss, Declan Whitmore, the deliciously tatted and pierced fighter who holds the top spot in Boston's ewest underground fighting organization. She d also describe him as bossy, arrogant, and—depending on what he does to piss her off that particular day—an asshole.It's hat aloof attitude, along with Savannah's itty comebacks and tight little body that land her on his radar. Unfortunately for her, Declan is relentless when he sets his sights on someone, both in and out of the ring. Unfortunately for him, this recently reformed bad girl is trying to go straight after heading down a dangerous path. She's ot going to make this easy for him. In fact, she's oing to make it—and him—very, very hard.Declan's ot worried, though. He ll have Savannah come hell or high water, because if there's ne word he d use to describe her, it'sMINE. Genre: New Adult, ContemporaryAges: 18+
      Sum It Up: 1,098 Victories, a Couple of Irrelevant Losses, and a Life in Perspective
Pat Summitt, the all-time winningest coach in NCAA basketball history and bestselling author of Reach for the Summitt and Raise The Roof, tells for the first time her remarkable story of victory and resilience as well as facing down her greatest challenge: early-onset Alzheimer's disease.Pat Summitt was only 21 when she became head coach of the Tennessee Vols women's basketball team. For 38 years, she has broken records, winning more games than any NCAA team in basketball history. She has coached an undefeated season, co-captained the first women's Olympic team, was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame, and has been named Sports Illustrated 's ortswoman of the Year'.She owes her coaching success to her personal struggles and triumphs. She learned to be tough from her strict, demanding father. Motherhood taught her to balance that rigidity with communication and kindness. She is a role model for the many women she's coached; 74 of her players have become coaches.Pat's life took a shocking turn in 2011, when she was diagnosed with early-onset Alzheimer's disease, an irreversible brain condition that affects 5 million Americans. Despite her devastating diagnosis, she led the Vols to win their sixteenth SEC championship in March 2012. Pat continues to be a fighter, facing this new challenge the way she's faced every other--with hard work, perseverance, and a sense of humor.
      The Last Great Game: Duke vs. Kentucky and the 2.1 Seconds That Changed Basketball
The definitive book on the greatest game in the history of college basketball, and the dramatic road both teams took to get there.  March 28, 1992. The final of the NCAA East Regional, Duke vs. Kentucky. The 17,848 at the Spectrum in Philadelphia and the millions watching on TV could say they saw the greatest game and the greatest shot in the history of college basketball. But it wasn't just the final play of the game-an 80-foot inbounds bass from Grant Hill to Christian Laettner with 2.1 seconds left in overtime- that made Duke's 105-104 victory so memorable. The Kentucky and Duke players and coaches arrived at that point from very different places, each with a unique story to tell.  In The Last Great Game, acclaimed ESPN columnist Gene Wojciechowski tells their stories in vivid detail, turning the game we think we remember into a drama filled with suspense, humor, revelations and reverberations. The cast alone is worth meeting again: Mike Krzyzewski, Rick Pitino, Bobby Hurley, Jamal Mashburn, Christian Laettner, Sean Woods, Grant Hill, and Bobby Knight. Timed for the game's 20th anniversary, The Last Great Game isn't a book just for Duke or Kentucky or even basketball fans. It's a book for any reader who can appreciate that great moments in sports are the result of hard work, careful preparation, group psychology, and a little luck.
      Bloody Confused!: A Clueless American Sportswriter Seeks Solace in English Soccer
Chuck Culpepper was a veteran sports journalist edging toward burnout . . . then he went to London and discovered the high-octane, fanatical (and bloody confusing!) world of English soccer.After covering the American sports scene for fifteen years, Chuck Culpepper suffered from a profound case of Common Sportswriter Malaise. He was fed up with self-righteous proclamations, steroid scandals, and the deluge of in-your-face PR that saturated the Nfl, the NBA, and MLB. Then in 2006, he moved to London and discovered a new and baffling world—the renowned Premiership soccer league. Culpepper pledged his loyalty to Portsmouth, a gutsy, small-market team at the bottom of the standings. As he puts it, It was like childhood, with beer. Writing in the vein of perennial bestsellers such as Fever Pitch and Among the Thugs, Chuck Culpepper brings penetrating insight to the vibrant landscape of English soccer—visiting such storied franchises as Manchester United, Chelsea, and Liverpool . . . and an equally celebrated assortment of pubs. Bloody Confused! will put a smile on the face of any sports fan who has ever questioned what makes us love sports in the first place.
      Quidditch Through the Ages
The most checked-out book in the Hogwarts Library, and a volume no Quidditch player or Harry Potter fan should be without!If you have ever asked yourself where the Golden Snitch came from, how the Bludgers came into existence, or why the Wigtown Wanderers have pictures of meat cleavers on their robes, you need QUIDDITCH THROUGH THE AGES. This invaluable volume is consulted by young Quidditch fans on an almost daily basis.Proceeds from the sale of this book will go to Comic Relief, who will use your money to continue improving and changing lives -- work that is even more important and astonishing than the three-and-a-half-second capture of the Golden Snitch by Roderick Plumpton in 1921.
      Dax
The Arizona Vengeance is killing it on the ice. But one player can t seem to keep his eye on the puck—all thanks to the woman he just married to save her life.   Find your next hockey hero in Sawyer Bennett's rizona Vengeance series. —New York Times bestselling author Jill Shalvis   My name is Dax Monahan and hockey is my passion. And if you want to succeed in this sport you have to bust your ass 24/7. I ve never had a hard time focusing on my career, but when my past comes knocking, no amount of training can prepare me for what lies on the other side of the door.   Regan Miles was always like a sister to me. When a shared tragedy brings us face to face after several years, I m shocked to see just how much she's hanged. Gone is the shy, awkward little girl that always used to chase me and her brother around. Instead, I m faced with a gorgeous woman who makes it damn hard to concentrate on anything but her.Turns out, she's n trouble, and the only way out is to get married. I surprise myself when I tell her to marry me. Order her, actually. And most shocking of all, she doesn t even hesitate before saying yes.   So it's ettled. We re getting hitched and she's oving to Arizona with me.  All platonic, of course.   The catch? 
I never knew I d fall so hard for my best friend's ittle sister.
 The Arizona Vengeance series from New York Times bestselling author Sawyer Bennett can be read together or separately: BISHOP ERIK LEGEND DAX And don t miss her Carolina Cold Fury novels: ALEX GARRETT ZACK RYKER HAWKE MAX ROMAN LUCAS VAN REED MAREK The Love Hurts series features sexy standalone novels: SEX IN THE STICKS JILTED And the Sugar Bowl series is one treat you ll want to read in order: SUGAR DADDY SUGAR RUSH SUGAR FREE This ebook includes an excerpt from another Loveswept title.
      The Club: How the English Premier League Became the Wildest, Richest, Most Disruptive Force in Sports
The Club is the previously untold inside story of how English soccer's remier League became the wildest, richest, most popular sports product on the planet.   This is a sports and business tale of how money, ambition, and twenty-five years of drama remade an ancient institution into a twenty-first-century entertainment empire. No one knew it when their experiment began, but without any particular genius or acumen, the motley cast of billionaires and hucksters behind the modern Premier League struck gold. Pretty soon, everyone wanted to try their luck, from Russian oligarchs to Emirati sheikhs, American tycoons, and Asian Tiger titans. Some succeeded beyond their wildest dreams. Some lost everything. Today, players are sold for tens of millions, clubs are valued in the billions, and games are beamed out to nearly two hundred countries, all while the league struggles to preserve its English soul. Deeply researched and drawing on one hundred exclusive interviews, including the key decision makers at every major English team, The Club is the definitive and wildly entertaining narrative of how the Premier League took over the world.
      Fence #2
As Seiji and Nicholas struggle with their living arrangement, the competition heats up.
      Undone By You
Dante Moretti has just landed his dream job: GM of the Chicago Rebels. And screw the haters who think there should be an asterisk next to his name because he's he first out managing executive in pro hockey. He's arned the right to be here and nothing will topple him off that perch—especially not an incredibly inconvenient attraction to his star defenseman, Cade Alamo  Burnett. Cade has always been careful to keep his own desires on the down low, but his hot Italian boss proves to be a temptation he can t resist. Sure, they both have so much to lose, but no one will ever know...As Dante and Cade's aboo affair heats up off the ice and their relationship gets more and more intense, they ll have to decide: is love worth risking their careers? Or is this romance destined to be forever benched?
      One More Shot
They say you only get one shot at making your dreams come true.Jordan is determined to take two.Drafted by the NHL at eighteen, Jordan Garrison was headed for fame, and there was only one person he wanted to share it with—Jessie Caplan. He was crazy in love with her, and had finally told her so. They shared an amazing night . . . and then everything fell apart. Jessie tries not to think about the night she gave herself to Jordan—or how he broke her heart. She tries not to think about it, but she does. Especially now, when she's staring into his sky-blue eyes for the first time in six years. After so much time and torment, she can't tell if she loves him or hates him. But Jordan has learned enough to know a connection like theirs is rare. He was lucky to find Jessie once. No way will he lose her again.
      Happy Hour
Between revving engines, smoking tires, and high speeds, two friends form a vital bond in the shadows of the blaring spotlight. Sway Reins, a track owner's nly daughter, and Jameson Riley, a gritty NASCAR rookie driver, have been best friends since they were kids. Over the years, Sway becomes his safety shield during his rapid rise to the elite levels of auto racing. A night of celebrating a victory leaves Sway believing that she can convince Jameson to fall in love with her. She becomes determined to be more than just a pit lizard trolling the pits. Little does she know that this steadfast racer has his own idea of revelry. Soon their compression ratios are timed exactly right and all the reciprocating motions have led them to happy hour. As their passion revs, the inner workings of an internal combustion engine have never been so erotic. Just a taste turns into a thirst neither of them saw coming. Can she convince this rookie he can have love and his dream?
      True Legend
#1 New York Times bestseller Mike Lupica makes his return to the basketball court!There's a reason teammates call him True. Because for basketball phenom Drew Robinson, there is nothing more true than his talent on the court. It's the kind that comes along once in a generation and is loaded with perks--and with problems.Before long, True buys in to his own hype, much to the chagrin of his mother, who wants to keep her boy's head grounded--and suddenly trouble has a way of finding him. That is, until a washed-up former playground legend steps back onto the court and takes True under his wing.In this age of street agents promising riches to kids barely out of elementary school and college programs being taken down because of recruiting violations, True Legend is a resonant and inspiring novel in the Lupica tradition.
      Triumph: The Untold Story of Jesse Owens and Hitler's Olympics
From the ESPN national correspondent and author of the New York Times bestseller Cinderella Man comes the remarkable behind-the-scenes story of a defining moment in sports and world history.In 1936, against a backdrop of swastikas flying and a storm troopers goose-stepping, an African-American son of sharecroppers won a staggering four Olympic gold medals and single-handedly crushed Hitler's myth of Aryan supremacy. The story of Jesse Owens at the 1936 games is that of a high-profile athlete giving a perfomance that transcends sports. But it is also the intimate and complex tale of the courage of one remarkable man.Drawing on unprecedented access to the Owens family, previously unpublished interviews, and exhaustive archival research, Jeremy Schaap transports us to Nazi Germany to weave this dramatic tale. From the start, American participation in the 1936 games was controversial. A boycott was afoot, based on reports of Nazi hostility to Jews, but was thwarted by the president of the American Olympic Committee, who dismissed the actions of the Third Reich as irrelevant. At the games themselves the subplots and intrigue continued: Owens was befriended by a German rival, broad jumper Luz Long, who, legend has it, helped Owens win the gold medal at his own expense. Two Jewish sprinters were denied the chance to compete for the United States at the last possible moment, most likely out of misguided deference to the Nazi hosts. And a myth was born that Hitler had snubbed Owens by failing to congratulate him.With his trademark incisive reporting and rich storytelling gifts, Schaap reveals what really transpired over those tense, exhilarating few weeks some seventy years ago. In the end, Triumph is a triumph -- a page-turning narrative that illuminates what happens when sports and the geopolitics collide on a world stage.
      Common Goal
New York Admirals goalie Eric never thought his friends-with-benefits arrangement with much-younger Kyle would leave them both wanting more…Veteran goaltender Eric Bennett has faced down some of the toughest shooters on the ice, but nothing prepared him for his latest challenge—life after hockey. It's ime to make some big changes, starting with finally dating men for the first time.Graduate student Kyle Swift moved to New York nursing a broken heart. He d sworn to find someone his own age to crush on (for once). Until he meets a gorgeous, distinguished silver fox hockey player. Despite their intense physical attraction, Kyle has no intention of getting emotionally involved. He ll teach Eric a few tricks, have some mutually consensual fun, then walk away.Eric is more than happy to learn anything Kyle brings to the table. And Kyle never expected their friends-with-benefits arrangement to leave him wanting more. Happily-ever-after might be staring them in the face, but it won t happen if they re too stubborn to come clean about their feelings.Everything they both want is within reach… They just have to be brave enough to grab it.
      Heels Over Head
Jeremy Reeve is one of the best divers in the world, and he's orked hard to get where he is. He intends to keep pushing himself with one very clear goal in mind: winning gold at the summer Olympics in two years. That medal might be the only way to earn his father's espect as an athlete.Brandon Evans is everything Jeremy isn t: carefree, outgoing, and openly gay. With his bright-blue eyes and dramatic tattoos, he's  temptation that Jeremy refuses to acknowledge. But Jeremy can t ignore how talented Brandon is—or that Brandon has no interest in using his diving skills to compete.They re opposites who are forced to work together as teammates, but Jeremy's ear of his own sexuality and Brandon's isinterest in anything not fun  may end their partnership before it begins. Until a single moment changes everything, and they help each other discover that team  can also mean family and love.
      The Playbook: 52 Rules to Aim, Shoot, and Score in This Game Called Life
You gotta know the rules to play the game. Ball is life. Take it to the hoop. Soar. What can we imagine for our lives? What if we were the star players, moving and grooving through the game of life? What if we had our own rules of the game to help us get what we want, what we aspire to, what will enrich our lives? Illustrated with photographs by Thai Neave, The Playbook is intended to provide inspiration on the court of life. Each rule contains wisdom from inspiring athletes and role models such as Nelson Mandela, Serena Williams, LeBron James, Carli Lloyd, Steph Curry and Michelle Obama. Kwame Alexander also provides his own poetic and uplifting words, as he shares stories of overcoming obstacles and winning games in this motivational and inspirational book just right for graduates of any age and anyone needing a little encouragement.
      One
Lake Jones is a cover girl for cutting-edge prosthetic legs, a binge-watcher of Netflix, known to spy on her neighbor through her door's eephole, and fond of laser games with her hairless cat. She's lso a bit sexually-frustrated. Until … God bestows a breath of mercy upon her in the form of Minnesota's fl starting quarterback. But this gift is no stranger. Lake met Cage Monaghan three years earlier. It was one day. One moment. One kiss that resurrected her dreams of finding love. His dimpled smile distracts from his imperfections, which include: a love for country music, fishing, and a feline-hating girlfriend. When life finally gives them their chance, it's  humorous and heart-wrenching journey to find their place in the world. We would be Cage and Lake. We would be unpredictable. We would be reckless. We would give normality the middle finger. ***This book is a standalone. However, it is HIGHLY recommended that any readers who have not, but may consider, reading the Jack & Jill Series, do so before reading this book. It contains spoilers to Jack & Jill.
      Revived
India Harris didn t have the best start in life. Abandoned as a baby, she and her twin brother, Kit, spent their lives in foster care, only having each other to rely on. Then, at a young age, a relationship with the wrong man left India pregnant. Wanting to give her son the life she never had, she put herself through school and graduated with honors. Now, at the age of thirty, she's  highly respected therapist.At the top of his game as a Formula One driver, Leandro Silva had everything—until an accident on the track left him staring death in the face. After enduring twelve months of physical therapy, Leandro is now physically able to race, but his mind is keeping him from the track. Frustrated and angry, Leandro's ays and nights are filled with limitless alcohol and faceless women. Entering the last year of his contract, he knows he has to race again, or he ll lose everything he spent his life working for. Forced into therapy to get his life back, Leandro finds himself in the office of Dr. India Harris.Falling for his uptight therapist is not part of Leandro's lan. Having unethical feelings for her patient, the angry Brazilian race car driver, is not part of India's lan. But what if the wrong person is the only person who is right?
      Game Play
One night, one time, nothing more. That's all it was supposed to be. They'd agreed their first night together would be their only night together—and Minnesota Glaciers defenseman Dylan Rylie was fine with that. Giant hickeys and claw marks on his ass had never been his style, even if the very memory of Samantha Yates's merciless sexual energy gets him hard within seconds. He needs to focus on getting a better contract, not mind-blowing orgasms.One night, one time, nothing more. Fresh off representing the US at the Games and with nowhere else to play, Samantha gave in to one night of frantic passion with the Glaciers' brawny hotshot. She couldn't get hurt—not if she controlled the outcome. And she planned to leave Minnesota soon, anyway. She didn't expect to be recruited to coach Dylan after they'd gotten down and dirty.When brutal on-ice workouts lead to kinky locker room sessions and one night falls by the wayside, Samantha insists on keeping things casual, despite Dylan's quiet hope for more. But when Dylan goes down—hard—and his career is in jeopardy, Samantha is the first one by his side. What will it take to keep her there after he's healed?
      Rules of Entanglement
A sexy category romance from Entangled's Brazen imprint...She has seven rules. He has seven days to break them.District Attorney Vanessa MacGregor firmly believes that structure and order are the stuff that dreams are made of. Happiness can be planned—and it starts with the seven rules she's aid out for her future. But as she's rganizing her best friend's edding in Hawaii, all of Vanessa's est-laid plans are about to meet their match in a wickedly hot MMA fighter…Jackson Jax Maris is focused on surfing, training, and fighting. That is, until he opens up his big mouth and finds himself having to pretend he's ngaged to his little sister's est friend, Vanessa. When they re forced to share a romantic bungalow, however, their little charade suddenly takes a turn for the seriously sexy. And while Jax is definitely not part of Vanessa's ong-term plan, he has seven days—and seven naughty nights—to turn her seven-rule plan upside down.
      Just This Once
Everyone needs to be rescued sometimes.Everyone but Hannah Montgomery, that is. She just needs a vacation. Three weeks in New Zealand to sort out her life, figure out what she wants, seems just right. Oh, and to relax. She should definitely put that on the agenda. She certainly isn t looking for a sexy fling with a professional rugby player, no matter how attractive he is. Hannah doesn t do casual. But maybe just this once ...As much as he's hared with Hannah, Drew Callahan has kept one very big secret. And learning the truth, now that she's ack home again, has made Hannah warier than ever. Drew knows that she's ight for him. But how can he convince her to let down her guard enough to explore what they could have together?Note: This romance, like New Zealand, contains some steam. If that isn't your cuppa, you may want to visit another country ... er, book.
      The Art of a Beautiful Game: The Thinking Fan's Tour of the NBA
In The Art of a Beautiful Game, Chris Ballard, the award-winning Sports Illustrated writer who has covered the NBA for the past decade, goes behind the scenes to examine basketball in ways that will surprise even die-hard fans. An inveterate hoops junkie who played some college ball, Ballard sits down with the NBA's most passionate, cerebral players to find out their tricks of the trade and to learn what drives them, taking readers away from the usual sports talk radio fodder and deep into the heart of the game.  Ballard talks to Dwight Howard, a prolific shot-blocker, about the enervating feeling of meeting another man at the height of his leap; challenges Steve Kerr to a game of H-O-R-S-E to understand the mentality of a pure shooter; reveals the roots of Kobe Bryant's unmatched killer instinct; and spends time with LeBron James to better understand both his mental game and his seemingly unlimited physical skills. He tracks down renowned dunkers from Dominique to Shaq to explore the impact of the dunk on the modern game, shadows Shane Battier during his preparations to defend LeBron, takes lessons from a freethrow shooting guru who once hit 2,750 in a row, and attends an elite NBA training camp to feel the pain that turns a prospect into a pro.  Packed with lively characters and basketball history, and grounded in superb writing and the reportage that is the hallmark of Sports Illustrated, The Art of a Beautiful Game is an often witty, always insightful look at the men like Steve Nash, Yao Ming, and Alonzo Mourning who devote themselves to this elegant and complicated sport. It ultimately provides basketball fans what they all want: an inside read on the game they love.
      Lady Be Good
A British LadyLady Emma Wells-Finch, the oh-so-proper headmistressof England's St. Gertrude's School for Girls, is a woman on a mission—she has two weeks to lose her reputation. Arriving in Texas with skirts flying, umbrella pointing, and beautiful mouth issuing orders, she knows only one thing will save her from losing everything she holds dear: complete and utter disgrace!A Texas RascalWorld-famous playboy-athlete Kenny Traveler has kickedup his boot heels one too many times, and now he's suspended from the sport he loves. Only one thing will restore his career:complete and utter respectability! Unfortunately, he's been blackmailed into chauffeuring bossy, single-minded Lady Emma, and she's hell-bent on visiting honkytonks,chasing down tattoo parlors, and worse.. lots worse.Love, All-American StyleWhen a gorgeous man who can't afford another scandal meets a hardheaded woman who's determined to cause one, anything can happen. But love? Oh, dear. That's impossible.That's outrageous. That's... inevitable!
      Staying Fat for Sarah Byrnes
Sarah Byrnes and Eric Calhoune have been friends for years. When they were children, his weight and her scars made them both outcasts. Now Sarah Byrnes—the smartest, toughest person Eric has ever known—sits silent in a hospital. Eric must uncover the terrible secret she's iding before its dark current pulls them both under. Will appeal to fans of Marieke Nijkamp, Andrew Smith, and John Corey Whaley.
      My Fight / Your Fight
The fight is yours to win. In this inspiring and moving book, Ronda Rousey, the Olympic medalist in judo, reigning UFC women's bantamweight champion, and Hollywood star charts her difficult path to glory.Marked by her signature charm, barbed wit, and undeniable power, Rousey's ccount of the toughest fights of her life—in and outside the Octagon—reveals the painful loss of her father when she was eight years old, the intensity of her judo training, her battles with love, her meteoric rise to fame, the secret behind her undefeated UFC record, and what it takes to become the toughest woman on Earth. Rousey shares hard-won lessons on how to be the best at what you do, including how to find fulfillment in the sacrifices, how to turn limitations into opportunities, and how to be the best on your worst day.Packed with raw emotion, drama, and wisdom this is an unforgettable book by one of the most remarkable women in the world.
      Second Chance Boyfriend
**Recommended for ages 17+ due to sexual content and language, mature subject matter**New Adult ContemporaryLost. That one single word best describes my life at this very moment. I lost the last games of the season and both my team and my coach blame me. I lost the last two months because I drowned in my own despair like a complete loser. And I lost the only girl who ever mattered because I was afraid being with me would destroy her.But now I realize how truly lost I am without her. She has become my story…and even though she acts like she's oved on, I know she still thinks about me just as much as I think about her. She's eautiful, sweet—and so damn vulnerable, all I want to do is help her. Be there for her.Love her…If only I could convince Fable to give me a second chance. Then I wouldn t feel so lost anymore, and neither would she. We could be found together.Forever.
      Hired
One hundred grand to babysit bad boy Logan Phoenix  Taylor on a paradise island—seriously, how bad could he be?Frankly, it didn t matter. Not when it would make my dreams of going to nursing school possible. I wasn t even expected to talk to him, just hang out in a luxurious villa on a private beach and study. Simple, right?But I hadn t counted on Logan being so deliciously bad that he was oh so good. And when the temperature cranked to boiling point, he knew just how to satisfy the deepest, darkest part of my soul and give my body exactly what it needed. Amongst the sand and waves, we transported each other to an exquisite world of pleasure where only we existed, only we mattered.But the heady mix of emotions and lust couldn t keep things from spiraling out of control back in reality, where I had to keep the secret that I d been hired to entertain him…even if it shattered my delicate heart. Even if it cost my destiny.
      The Captain: The Journey of Derek Jeter
Every spring, Little Leaguers across the country mimic his stance and squabble over the right to wear his number, 2, the next number to be retired by the world's ost famous ball team. Derek Jeter is their hero. He walks in the footsteps of Ruth, Gehrig, DiMaggio, and Mantle, and someday his shadow will loom just as large. Yet he has never been the best player in baseball. In fact, he hasn t always been the best player on his team. But his intangible grace and Jordanesque ability to play big in the biggest of postseason moments make him the face of the modern Yankee dynasty, and of America's ame.In The Captain, best-selling author Ian O Connor draws on extensive reporting and unique access to Jeter that has spanned some fifteen years to reveal how a biracial kid from Michigan became New York's ost beloved sports figure and the enduring symbol of the steroid-free athlete. O Connor takes us behind the scenes of a legendary baseball life and career, from Jeter's arly struggles in the minor leagues, when homesickness and errors in the field threatened a stillborn career, to his heady days as a Yankee superstar and prince of the city who squired some of the world's ost beautiful women, to his tense battles with former best friend A-Rod. We also witness Jeter struggling to come to terms with his declining skills and the declining favor of the only organization he ever wanted to play for, leading to a contentious contract negotiation with the Yankees that left people wondering if Jeter might end his career in a uniform without pinstripes.Derek Jeter's arch toward the Hall of Fame has been dignified and certain, but behind that leadership and hero's race there are hidden struggles and complexities that have never been explored, until now. As Jeter closes in on 3,000 hits, a number no Yankee has ever touched, The Captain offers an incisive, exhilarating, and revealing new look at one of the game's reatest players in the gloaming of his career.
      The Book: Playing the Percentages in Baseball
Written by three esteemed baseball statisticians, The Book continues where the legendary Bill James' Baseball Abstracts and Palmer and Thorn's The Hidden Game of Baseball left off more than twenty years ago. Continuing in the grand tradition of sabermetrics, the authors provide a revolutionary way to think about baseball with principles that can be applied at every level, from high school to the major leagues. Tom Tango, Mitchel Lichtman, and Andrew Dolphin cover topics such as batting and pitching matchups, platooning, the benefits and risks of intentional walks and sacrifices, the legitimacy of alleged clutch hitters, and many of baseball's other theories on hitting, fielding, pitching, and even baserunning. They analyze when a strategy is a good idea and when it's a bad idea, and how to more closely watch the inside game of baseball. Whenever you hear an announcer talk about the unwritten rule or say that so-and-so is going by the book in bringing in a situational substitute, The Book reviews the facts and determines what the real case is. If you want to know what the folks in baseball should be doing, find out in The Book.
      Out of the Pocket
Star quarterback Bobby Framingham, one of the most talented high school football players in California, knows he's different from his teammates. They're like brothers, but they don't know one essential thing: Bobby is gay. Can he still be one of the guys and be honest about who he is? When he's outed against his will by a student reporter, Bobby must find a way to earn back his teammates' trust and accept that his path to success might be more public, and more difficult, than he'd hoped. An affecting novel about identity that also delivers great sportswriting.
      Slam!
An exciting, eye-catching repackage of acclaimed author Walter Dean Myers' bestselling paperbacks, to coincide with the publication of SUNRISE OVER FALLUJA in hardcover.Seventeen-year-old Greg Slam Harris can do it all on the basketball court. He's seen ballplayers come and go, and he knows he could be one of the lucky ones. Maybe he'll make it to the top. Or maybe he'll stumble along the way. Slam's grades aren't that hot. And when his teachers jam his troubles in his face, he blows up. Slam never doubted himself on the court until he found himself going one-on-one with his own future, and he didn't have the ball.
      Sweet Soul
One shy lost soul. One silent lonely heart. One love to save them both.Life has never been easy for twenty-year-old Levi Carillo. The youngest of the Carillo boys, Levi is nothing like his older brothers. He isn t dark in looks or intimidating to everyone he meets. In fact, he's uite the opposite. Haunted by a crippling shyness and the tragic events of his past, Levi spends his days with his head buried in his books or training hard for his college football team. Too timid to talk to girls, Levi stays as far away as possible and completely on his own… until he saves the life of a troubled pretty blonde, a troubled pretty blonde that might just be the exception to his rule.Elsie Hall is homeless. Or at least that's ll anyone ever sees. Every day is a fight for survival on the cold streets of Seattle, every day a struggle to find food and keep warm. Alone in life—a life that's angerous and cruel—her will to keep going is an ever-losing battle. In her world of silence, Elsie has given up hope that her life will contain anything but constant struggle and pain… until the beautiful boy she has severely wronged comes to her rescue at precisely the right time.
      Causing Havoc
Orphaned and torn from his sisters as a boy, sexy extreme wrestler Dean Havoc Conor gets a letter revealing how much his siblings want him back in Harmony, Kentucky. To stop his sister from marrying a sleazeball, Dean finds himself teaming up with her pretty-but-smart-mouthed friend Eve—who's heard of Havoc's reputation and doesn't need some hunk trampling on her heart. Now all Dean has to do is protect his sisters, win Eve over, and expose a devious criminal. And he thought winning the heavyweight belt was hard.
      Secretariat: The Making of a Champion
In 1973, Secretariat, the greatest thoroughbred in horse-racing history, won the Triple Crown. The only horse to ever break the two-minute mark in winning the Kentucky Derby until recent winner Monarchos, Secretariat also pulled off one of the most astounding victories in the annals of horse racing by winning the Belmont Stakes by a record-breaking thirty-one lengths. Now William Nack updates his acclaimed portrait with a new afterword that examines the legacy of one of ESPN's 100 Greatest Athletes of the Century: the only horse to ever grace the covers of Time , Newsweek , and Sports Illustrated all in the same week.
      Ben Hogan's Five Lessons: The Modern Fundamentals of Golf
A timeless classic with nearly one million copies in print, Ben Hogan's ive Lessons outlines the building blocks of winning golf from one of the all-time masters of the sport—fully illustrated with drawings and diagrams to improve your game instantly.Ben Hogan, one of the greatest golfers in the history of the sport, believed that any golfer with average coordination can learn to break eighty—if one applies oneself patiently and intelligently. With the techniques revealed in this classic book, you can learn how to make your game work from tee to green, step-by-step and stroke by stroke.  In each chapter, a different experience-tested fundamental is explained and demonstrated with clear illustrations—as though Hogan were giving you a personal lesson with the same skill and precision that made him a legend. Whether you re a novice player or an experienced pro, Ben Hogan's ive Lessons is a must-have reference for anyone who knows that fundamentals are where champions begin.
      Fence, Vol. 4: Rivals
The team at King's ow must face the school that defeated them in the fencing state championships last year, but first Nicholas and Seiji must learn to work together as a team...and maybe something more!FOILED AGAIN?Just as Nicholas, Seiji and the fencing team at the prodigious Kings Row private school seem to be coming together, a deadly rival from their past stands in their way once more. MacRobertson is the school that knocked Kings Row out of the State Championships last year - but unless Nicholas and Seiji can learn to work together as a team, their school is doomed once again! And maybe those two can learn to be something more than teammates too… 
      Nothing But Trouble
A standalone novel.Reagan Reynolds...Water polo god.Owner of a face that belongs under Wikipedia's efinition of drop dead gorgeous.Too charming for his own good.But most importantly––the worst driver on the planet.No, really, I m pretty sure his blind nana taught him how to drive.I had no idea who he was until he almost ran me over. And frankly, I kind of wish I still didn t because then I wouldn t have a sprained ankle to show for it. And my leg wouldn t resemble a boa constrictor that's wallowed a feral pig. Yeah, it's hat bad.I ve spent years saving every penny I ve ever earned to be able to transfer to Malibu University. And now my entire future––including my scholarship––is in jeopardy. So I either accept the help he insists on giving me, or lose everything I ve sacrificed for. In the meantime, I m going to ignore the fact that we re becoming friends.And I m definitely going to pretend he's ot turning into the object of my…umm, dirty fantasies. That's ot happening. Not even a little.Because the minute I clapped eyes on him I knew he was nothing but trouble.
      Fumbled
A second chance doesn't guarantee a touchdown in this new contemporary romance from the author of Intercepted.Single-mother Poppy Patterson moved across the country when she was sixteen and pregnant to find a new normal. After years of hard work, she's built a life she loves. It may include a job at a nightclub, weekend soccer games, and more stretch marks than she anticipated, but it's all hers, and nobody can take that away. Well, except for one person.TK Moore, the starting wide receiver for the Denver Mustangs, dreamt his entire life about being in the Nfl. His world is football, parties, and women. Maybe at one point he thought his future would play out with his high school sweetheart by his side, but Poppy is long gone and he's moved on.  When Poppy and TK cross paths in the most unlikely of places, emotions they've suppressed for years come rushing back. But with all the secrets they never told each other lying between them, they'll need more than a dating playbook to help them navigate their relationship.
      Under the Lights
In the follow-up to Abbi Glines's#1 New York Times bestseller Until Friday Night—three teens from a small southern town are stuck in a dramatic love triangle.Willa can t erase the bad decisions of her past that led her down the path she's n now. But she can fight for forgiveness from her family. And she can protect herself by refusing to let anyone else get close to her.High school quarterback and town golden boy Brady used to be the best of friends with Willa—she even had a crush on him when they were kids. But that's ll changed now: her life choices have made her a different person from the girl he used to know.Gunner used to be friends with Willa and Brady, too. He too is larger than life and a high school football star—not to mention that his family basically owns the town of Lawton. He loves his life, and doesn t care about anyone except himself. But Willa is the exception—and he understands the girl she's ecome in a way no one else can.As secrets come to light and hearts are broken, these former childhood friends must face the truth about growing up and falling in love…even if it means losing each other forever.
      The Game: Inside the Secret World of Major League Baseball's Power Brokers
The incredible inside story of power, money, and baseball's last twenty years. In the fall of 1992, America's National Pastime is in crisis and already on the path to the unthinkable: cancelling a World Series for the first time in history. The owners are at war with each other, their decades-long battle with the players has turned America against both sides, and the players' growing addiction to steroids will threaten the game's very foundation.  It is a tipping point for baseball, a crucial moment in the game's history that catalyzes a struggle for power by three strong-willed men: Commissioner Bud Selig, Yankees owner George Steinbrenner, and union leader Don Fehr. It's their uneasy alliance at the end of decades of struggle that pulls the game back from the brink and turns it into a money-making powerhouse that enriches them all.  This is the real story of baseball, played out against a tableau of stunning athletic feats, high-stakes public battles, and backroom political deals -- with a supporting cast that includes Barry Bonds and Mark McGwire, Joe Torre and Derek Jeter, George Bush and George Mitchell, and many more.  Drawing from hundreds of extensive, exclusive interviews throughout baseball, The Game is a stunning achievement: a rigorously reported book and the must-read, fly-on-the-wall, definitive account of how an enormous struggle for power turns disaster into baseball's Golden Age.
      On the Rocks
Hunter Markham left home to travel the world for fame and glory, finding it as a top ranked professional surfer. Now he's eturned home to the sand and salty breeze of the North Carolina Outer Banks so he can open The Last Call, a beach bar nestled among the dunes of the Atlantic.Five years ago, Gabby Ward drunkenly threw herself at her best friend's rother, only to have her young heart crushed. Hunter is back but Gabby is content to stay far away from him and his dangerously charming ways. Gabby's ell-schemed plans to ignore Hunter go up in flames when he presents her an offer she simply can t refuse. Working together day in and day out proves problematic for two reasons—Gabby realizes her feelings for Hunter are still very much alive, while Hunter struggles to break through to Gabby's old heart. What starts out as a mutual business arrangement soon turns into a passion that neither can deny.But when the pro surfing tour comes knocking and Hunter has a chance to reclaim his former glory, hard choices lie ahead for both of them.Choices that could destroy what they have built or take them further than they could ever dare to hope in their second chance at romance.
      Fear and Loathing in La Liga: Barcelona, Real Madrid, and the World's Greatest Sports Rivalry
Fear and Loathing in La Liga is the definitive history of the greatest rivalry in world sport: FC Barcelona vs. Real Madrid. It's essi vs. Ronaldo, Guardiola vs. Mourinho, the nation against the state, freedom fighters vs. Franco's ascists, plus majestic goals and mesmerizing skills. It's he best two teams on the planet going head-to-head. It's ore than a game. It's  war. It's l Clásico.Only, it's ot quite that simple. Spanish soccer expert and historian Sid Lowe covers 100 years of rivalry, athletic beauty, and excellence. Fear and Loathing in La Liga is a nuanced, revisionist, and brilliantly informed history that goes beyond sport. Lowe weaves together this story of the rivalry with the history and culture of Spain, emphasizing that it is never about just the soccer.  With exclusive testimonies and astonishing anecdotes, he takes us inside this epic battle, including the wounds left by the Civil War, Madrid's olden age in the fifties when they won five European cups, Johan Cruyff's arcelona Dream Team, the doomed Galáctico experiment, and Luís Figo'sbetrayal. By exploring the history, politics, culture, economics, and language—while never forgetting the drama on the field—Lowe demonstrates the relationship between these two soccer giants and reveals the true story behind their explosive rivalry.
      Power Play
They were acting when they met. They dated under false pretenses. But their attraction was all too real.A leading soap opera actress, Monica Geary is good at faking it. But pretending to fall for NHL star and notorious playboy Eric Mitchell is going to be her hardest role ever. Yet she has no choice, for she desperately needs an edge in order to maintain her daytime diva status.Eric Mitchell is a man in demand. First he was traded to save the New York Blades, and now the publicity department has loaned him out to help save Monica Geary's career. What no one knows is that one of People magazine's hottest bachelors is also a closet soap opera fan. He's had his eyes on Monica for years-and can't wait to get his arms around her.
      Out in the Offense
Christian Rafferty is a talented quarterback with a big secret. He's etermined to make the most of his final season on the football field, and if possible, avoid any confrontations with his conservative parents about his future. It shouldn t be difficult; he's ecome adept at keeping his public and private lives separate. However, when a math class threatens to derail his plans to graduate on time, he realizes he may need outside help. Rory Kirkland has a reputation for being a tough guy. He's  former wrestler and recent college graduate who needs a real job. Until he finds one, tutoring is a decent temporary gig. Luckily, his brain is his biggest asset. Rory is a genius. He credits his sport for helping him deal with angst and rumors about his sexuality when he was younger, but he doesn t care what others think anymore. He likes his new status as an out and proud bi man; and he recognizes something of himself in Christian. But Rory didn t count on falling for him. When an unlikely friendship collides with intense attraction, both men begin to realize that coming out on offense just might be the surest path to love.Listening Length: 5 hours and 31 minutes
      For Finlay
A STANDALONE New Adult Romance in the For You series. Each book follows a new couple.Finlay Thatcher is a lost soul, guilt-ridden after the death of her twin brother. When Alabama's football coach gives her the opportunity to work for him, she knows it's her chance to move on, even if it means living her brother's dream. Caden Brooks is Alabama's star quarterback. He's got it all. The attention of adoring fans. A girlfriend who'd do anything to hold on to him. And a future in the pros. He's getting along just fine until Finlay steps into his life, despising him at first sight and pushing his buttons like no other. Unfortunately for Finlay, and her attempt to keep Caden at arm's length, there's nothing Caden loves more than a challenge. The problem with this challenge is she comes with a secret that has the power to destroy everything.
      Gold
Building on the tradition of Little Bee, Chris Cleave again writes with elegance, humor, and passion about friendship, marriage, parenthood, tragedy, and redemption.Gold is the story of Zoe and Kate, world-class athletes who have been friends and rivals since their first day of Elite training. They've loved, fought, betrayed, forgiven, consoled, gloried, and grown up together. Now on the eve of London 2012, their last Olympics, both women will be tested to their physical and emotional limits. They must confront each other and their own mortality to decide, when lives are at stake: What would you sacrifice for the people you love, if it meant giving up the thing that was most important to you in the world?
      All the Broken Pieces
A remarkable literary debut by a stunning new voice in children's fiction.Two years after being airlifted out of war-torn Vietnam, Matt Pin is haunted: by bombs that fell like dead crows, by the family -- and the terrible secret -- he left behind. Now, inside a caring adoptive home in the United States, a series of profound events force him to choose between silence and candor, blame and forgiveness, fear and freedom.By turns harrowing, dreamlike, sad, and triumphant, this searing debut novel, written in lucid verse, reveals an unforgettable perspective on the lasting impact of war and the healing power of love.
      North Dallas Forty
This book is a fictional account of eight harrowing days in the life of a professional football player.
      The Crossover
Kwame Alexander's The Crossover is brought to life as a graphic novel with illustrations by Dawud Anyabwile. With a bolt of lightning on my kicks . . . The court is SIZZLING. My sweat is DRIZZLING. Stop all that quivering.  Cuz tonight I m delivering, raps twelve-year-old Josh Bell. Thanks to their dad, he and his twin brother, Jordan, are kings on the court. But Josh has more than basketball in his blood—he's got mad beats, too, which help him find his rhythm when it's ll on the line. See the Bell family in a whole new light through Dawud Anyabwile's illustrations as the brothers' winning season unfolds, and the world as they know it begins to change.
      Here to Stay
For most of high school, Bijan Majidi has flown under the radar. He gets good grades, reads comics, hangs out with his best friend, Sean, and secretly crushes on Elle, one of the most popular girls in his school. When he's alled off the basketball team's arsity bench and makes the winning basket in a playoff game, everything changes in an instant.But not everyone is happy that Bijan is the man of the hour: an anonymous cyberbully sends the entire school a picture of Bijan photoshopped to look like a terrorist. His mother is horrified, and the school administration is outraged. They promise to find and punish the culprit. All Bijan wants is to pretend it never happened and move on, but the incident isn t so easily erased. Though many of his classmates rally behind Bijan, some don t want him or his type to be a part of their school. And Bijan's inding out it's ot always easy to tell your enemies from your friends . . .
      Hothead
He's the hottest player in Major League Baseball, the most notorious playboy in all of Manhattan... And my fake fiancé for the next three months. ...  I was drunk-dialing my ex the night I met him.  Six-three, sexy as sin and so incredibly rude I could smack the asshole smirk right off his face. Long story short, we got off to a bad start. But when the tabloids interpret our sparring as Drew Maddox groveling with a mystery brunette, his agent presents us both a proposal:  Shacking up as a couple this summer.  It's n alleged win-win.  I need to prove to my ex that I'm fine. Drew needs to prove to his team that he's stable. Thanks to his on-field brawling and never-ending lady drama, Drew Maddox has suddenly found himself on the trade block - which means he needs a fast, easy way to show the team that he's settled down.  Hence this fiance thing.  Our fights are real, our kisses are fake, and thanks to the nonstop heat between us, I m starting to mix up all my signs. But whether it's eal or fake, there's ne thing I do know:  I m already addicted.  *** HOTHEAD is a standalone in the Irresistible Series *** Sweet Spot - Lukas & Lia Bad Boss - Julian & Sara Dirty Deeds - Emmett & Aly Hothead - Drew & Evie
      Fence #5
Seiji's calm is badly rattled over a lost match and his mysterious past begins to come out.
      The Last Day Of Summer
Rett's one some running away in his life, from family and from boyfriends, and he's ot above doing it again. His current boyfriend wants to take their relationship to the next level, which makes Rett hesitant and doubtful. Luckily, a job offer in a new town solves his problem for him, giving him the perfect excuse to run away yet again from the uncomfortable feeling of someone trying to get close to him, even if it means picking up after seven years of school and starting over.Most guys would kill for his new job, and Rett's ertainly desperate for the paycheck. But the irony of the new position isn t lost on him — he's ever cared a whole lot for sports, and even far less about the world of professional sports, which is right where he's anded. Then he finds out he's ot the only one that's ew to pro sports, and he gets closer and closer to one of the players as they try to make sense of the whole crazy thing together. And things seem good!But when his family, whom he had long since left behind, shows back up with a family crisis, his life starts to unwind and Rett allows everything around him to painfully self-destruct. It's nly then that he realizes he's ot to get back up, stand his ground, and teach himself the one thing he never truly learned growing up.He's ot to stop running away and finally learn what it really means to be a man.
      Chasing Stanley
What do a New York City dog trainer and a pro hockey player have in common? They both love Stanley, an adorable but naughty Newfoundland...When dog trainer Delilah Gould spots a rambunctious Newfoundland disobeying orders, she can't help but stepping in and teaching the gentle giant to heel. But it's his hunky owner she's really like to teach a few tricks. Too bad he's clearly the untrainable kind. Professional hockey player Jason Mitchell is thrilled when he's traded to the New York Blades--the team of his dreams. There's just one problem: his pooch isn't adjusting to city life too well. Good thing he crosses paths with dog trainer Delilah Gould. At least that's what he thinks--until he realized he's fallen for her. Now, with the season heating up, Jason realizes he'll have to score big-time to win the Stanley Cup and the woman who had tamed his dog and unleashed his heart.
      Football Hero
Success comes with risk and a high price in this thrilling standalone football novel from New York Times bestselling author and former Nfl player Tim Green. Perfect for fans of Mike Lupica.Ever since Ty Lewis was orphaned and forced to stay with his legal guardian, Uncle Gus, he's lways wanted to prove how fast he is on a football field and be like his older brother, Thane Tiger Lewis, who's about to graduate from college—and is being courted by the Nfl.But instead of playing football, he's crubbing bathrooms after school for his uncle's leaning service. Thane is the only bright spot in Ty's ife. And now Uncle Gus wants to use Ty to get to him and obtain valuable insider information for a local mob boss called Lucy  and his gambling ring.Can Ty break free to save not only Thane's ootball career, but his life?
      The Rider
A literary sports classic, finally available in the U.S. Originally published in the Netherlands in 1978, The Rider became an instant cult classic, selling over 100,000 copies. Brilliantly conceived and written at a breakneck pace, it is a loving, imaginative, and, above all, passionate tribute to the art of bicycle road racing.  Not a dry history of the sport, The Rider is beloved as a bicycle odyssey, a literary masterpiece that describes in painstaking detail one 150-kilometer race in a mere 150 pages. We are, every inch of the way, inside amateur biker Tim Krabbé's head as his mind churns at top speed along with his furious peddling. Privy to his every thought-on the glory and vagaries of the sport itself, the weather, the characters and lineage of his rival cyclists, almost hallucinogenic anecdotes about great riders of the past-the book progresses kilometer by kilometer, thought by thought, and the reader is left breathless and exhilarated.  A thrillingly realistic look at what it is like to compete in a road race, The Rider is the ultimate book for bike lovers as well as the arm-chair sports enthusiast. Author Biography: Tim Krabbé is one of Holland's leading writers, and his novels are published all over the world. His many books include The Vanishing, which was made into a successful film, and The Cave. He lives in Amsterdam.
      Chalked Up: Inside Elite Gymnastics' Merciless Coaching, Overzealous Parents, Eating Disorders, and Elusive Olympic Dreams
The true story of the 1986 U.S. National Gymnastics champion whose lifelong dream was to compete in the Olympics, until anorexia, injuries, and coaching abuses nearly destroyed herFanciful dreams of gold medals and Nadia Comaneci led Jennifer Sey to become a gymnast at the age of six. She was a natural at the sport, and her early success propelled her family to sacrifice everything to help her become, by age eleven, one of America's lite,competing at prestigious events worldwide alongside such future gymnastics  luminaries as Mary Lou Retton.But as she set her sights higher and higher—the senior national team, the World Championships, the 1988 Olympics—Sey began to change, putting her needs, her health, and her well-being aside in the name of winning. And the adults in her life refused to notice her downward spiral.In Chalked Up Sey reveals the tarnish behind her gold medals. A powerful portrait of intensity and drive, eating disorders and stage parents, abusive coaches and manipulative businessmen, denial and the seduction of success, it is the story of a young girl whose dreams would become eclipsed by the adults around her. As she recounts her experiences, Sey sheds light on the destructiveness of our winning-is-everything culture where underage and underweight girls are celebrated and on the need for balance in children's ives.
      Starting Strength: Basic Barbell Training
Starting Strength: Basic Barbell Training is the new expanded version of the book that has been called the best and most useful of fitness books. It picks up where Starting Strength: A Simple and Practical Guide for Coaching Beginners leaves off. With all new graphics and more than 750 illustrations, a more detailed analysis of the five most important exercises in the weight room, and a new chapter dealing with the most important assistance exercises, Basic Barbell Training offers the most complete examination in print of the most effective way to exercise.
      Heroine
An Amazon Best Book of the Month! A captivating and powerful exploration of the opioid crisis—the deadliest drug epidemic in American history—through the eyes of a college-bound softball star. Edgar Award-winning author Mindy McGinnis delivers a visceral and necessary novel about addiction, family, friendship, and hope. When a car crash sidelines Mickey just before softball season, she has to find a way to hold on to her spot as the catcher for a team expected to make a historic tournament run. Behind the plate is the only place she's ver felt comfortable, and the painkillers she's een prescribed can help her get there.The pills do more than take away pain; they make her feel good.With a new circle of friends—fellow injured athletes, others with just time to kill—Mickey finds peaceful acceptance, and people with whom words come easily, even if it is just the pills loosening her tongue.But as the pressure to be Mickey Catalan heightens, her need increases, and it becomes less about pain and more about want, something that could send her spiraling out of control.
      With Every Heartbeat
*New Adult Romance***Explicit Scenes and Language**I used to think everything was black and white, truth or lie, easy or hard, that if I could just escape my strict, overbearing, abusive father, my life would be perfect. But since I ve found a reason to risk his wrath and leave, to help a friend in need, I ve come to realize everything I thought I knew is wrong. Friends have their own agenda, honesty comes with a dosage of lie, easy doesn t even exist, keeping secrets sucks, and love...love is the most painful thing of all. Maybe if Quinn Hamilton hadn t asked me to skip classes for the day and help him pick out an engagement ring for my best friend, I wouldn t have fallen for him so completely on that sunny Tuesday afternoon and I wouldn t feel so conflicted. But I did, and I can t take it back, no matter how hard I try. So I have to deal with the fact that even I m not as good, or honest, or caring as I d always thought I was, and no matter what I do next, someone's oing to get hurt. Probably me.-Zoey Blakeland*Don't worry! The hero and heroine are not cheaters.*
      Blood, Sweat & Chalk: How the Geniuses of Football Created America's Favorite Game
The modern game of football is filled with plays and formations with names like the Counter Trey, the Wildcat, the Zone Blitz and the Cover Two. They have become part of the sport's vernacular, and yet for many fans they remain just names, often confusing ones. To rectify that, Tim Layden has drilled deep into the core of the game to reveal not only how these chalkboard X's and O's really work on the field, but also where they came from and who dreamed them up. These playbook schemes, many of them illuminated by diagrams, bear the insignia of some of the game's great innovators, men like Vince Lombardi, Don Coryell, Tom Osborne, Bill Walsh, Tony Dungy and Buddy Ryan. But football has also been radically altered by the ingenious work of men with more obscure names, like Tiger Ellison, Emory Bellard and Mouse Davis.In Blood, Sweat and Chalk, Layden takes readers into the meeting rooms-and in some cases the living rooms-where the game's most significant ideas were hatched. He goes to the coaches and to the players who inspired them, and lets them tell their stories. In candid conversations with some of football's most intriguing characters, Layden provides a fascinating guide to the game, helping fans to better see the subtleties of America's favorite sport.The game of football is cyclical. Coaches today are getting too much credit for formations and offenses that were dreamed up years ago. Tim Layden does a wonderful job of tracing the origin of those ideas in Blood, Sweat and Chalk.- Urban Meyer, Head Football Coach, University of floridaTim Layden explores the minds and ambitions of the game's formative thinkers. Serious students of football must have this on their bookshelves!- Steve Sabol, President, Nfl FilmsBlood, Sweat and Chalk is a must-read for all football aficionados. I, of course, especially enjoyed reading about the great Don Coryell, a true innovator in the game we all love. His ideas changed football-and this book shows you how.- Dan Fouts, Hall of Fame Quarterback, San Diego ChargersTim has created a playbook that's instructional, a history book that's fascinating and a football bible that's a must-read for anybody who loves the game. All in one. - Dan Patrick, Host, NBC's Football Night in AmericaTim Layden does a great job telling the story of the people and the ideas that had a major impact on the game of football as we know it.- Mack Brown, Head Football Coach, University of TexasThis is one of the most important sports books of our generation-and a lot of fun too. The formations and philosophies that win Super Bowls and national titles are made crystal clear. If you live for fall weekends, this is your book. - Peter King, Author, Monday Morning Quarterback
      Str8te Boys
How far would you dare to go to win it all?Maverick Holms and Duke Warren share almost everything—a college soccer team, an apartment and the same extremely competitive nature. Thanks to that never-back-down spirit, they're about to share more than they bargained for.The game is gay chicken. The rule: get as close as possible without kissing, and the one that pulls away first is the loser. The problem: neither of them likes to lose. It isn't long before the game becomes an excuse to touch and kiss in every possible forbidden way. And after they pose for a gay website to earn extra money, things really heat up.Suddenly Duke is talking lifetime commitment, and Mav is backpedaling as hard as he can, not sure if he's ready to accept all his best friend is offering him. Or the truth about what he is.
      Game Six: Cincinnati, Boston, and the 1975 World Series: The Triumph of America's Pastime
Boston, Tuesday, October 21, 1975. The Red Sox and the Cincinnati Reds have endured an excruciating three-day rain delay. Tonight, at last, they will play Game Six of the World Series. Leading three games to two, Cincinnati hopes to win it all; Boston is desperate to stay alive. But for all the anticipation, nobody could have predicted what a classic it would turn out to be: an extra-innings thriller, created by one of the Big Red Machine's patented comebacks and the Red Sox's improbable late-inning rally; clutch hitting, heart-stopping defensive plays, and more twists and turns than a Grand Prix circuit, climaxed by one of the most famous home runs in baseball history that ended it in the twelfth. Here are all the inside stories of some of that era's biggest names in sports: Johnny Bench, Luis Tiant, Sparky Anderson, Pete Rose, Carl Yastrzemski--eight Hall of Famers in all--as well as sportscasters and network execs, cameramen, umpires, groundskeepers, politicians, and fans who gathered in Fenway that extraordinary night.Game Six is an unprecedented behind-the-scenes look at what is considered by many to be the greatest baseball game ever played--remarkable also because it was about so much more than just balls and strikes. This World Series marked the end of an era; baseball's reserve clause was about to be struck down, giving way to the birth of free agency, a watershed moment that changed American sports forever. In bestselling author Mark Frost's talented hands, the historical significance of Game Six becomes every bit as engrossing as its compelling human drama.
      The Last Best League: One Summer, One Season, One Dream
Every summer, in ten small towns across Cape Cod, the finest college baseball players in the country gather in hopes of making it to The Show.  The hopes are justifiably high: The Cape Cod Baseball League is the best amateur league in the world, producing one out of every six major league players, from Nomar Garciaparra and Frank Thomas to Jeff Bagwell and Barry Zito.Jim Collins chronicles a season in the life of one team—the Chatham A s, perhaps the most celebrated team in the league. Set against the backdrop of a resort town on the bend of the outer Cape, the story charts the changing fortunes of a handful ?of players battling slumps and self-doubt in their effort to make the league playoffs and, more importantly, impress the major league scouts.We learn about everything from the physics of wooden bats and the physiology of elbows to the psychology of slumps and the lure of drugs. In the course of a single dramatic season, with euphoric wins and devastating losses, we come to know the intricacies of the major league scouting network and the rapidly changing profile of major league baseball.In the tradition of The Boys of Summer, The Last Best League is about dreams fulfilled and dreams denied, about Cape Cod and the rites of summer, and about the way one small town grows to love a group of young men coming of age in America.
      The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian
Bestselling author Sherman Alexie tells the story of Junior, a budding cartoonist growing up on the Spokane Indian Reservation. Determined to take his future into his own hands, Junior leaves his troubled school on the rez to attend an all-white farm town high school where the only other Indian is the school mascot.Heartbreaking, funny, and beautifully written, The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian, which is based on the author's own experiences, coupled with poignant drawings by Ellen Forney that reflect the character's art, chronicles the contemporary adolescence of one Native American boy as he attempts to break away from the life he was destined to live.With a foreward by Markus Zusak & interviews with Sherman Alexie and Ellen Forney 
      Tales from Q School: Inside Golf's Fifth Major
It is the tournament that separates champions from mortals. It is the starting point for the careers of future legends and can be the final stop on the down escalator for fading stars. The annual PGA Tour Qualifying Tournament is one of the most grueling competitions in any sport. Every fall, veterans and talented hopefuls sweat through six rounds of hell at Q school, as the tournament is universally known, to get a shot at the PGA Tour, vying for the 30 slots available. The grim reality: If you don't make it through Q school, you're not on the PGA tour. You're out. And those who make it to the sixday finals are the lucky ones: hundreds more players fail to get through the equally grueling first two stages of the event. John Feinstein tells the story of the players who compete for these coveted positions in the 2005 Q school as only he can. With arresting accounts from the players, established winners, rising stars, the defeated, and the endlessly hopeful, America's favorite sportswriter unearths the inside story behind the PGA Tour's brutal all-ornothing competition.
      Nova
The only heart he wants is the one he already broke...He's Landon Rhodes.The Renegade they call Nova.Sinfully gorgeous, broody, tatted-up, professional snowboarder.Four-time X Games medalist—Full-time heartbreaker.They say a girl broke him once—That's why he's so reckless, so driven, so careless with his conquests.But I'm that girl.They can call me his curse all they want.He and I both know the truth—He's the one who destroyed me,And I'm not the sucker who will let that happen again.***NOVA can be read as a standalone***
      Balance
Adrianna Rossi is no stranger to the rigorous demands required of her body. Years of pain and determination make her one of the best. Olympic glory is the ultimate goal, and she'll do anything to achieve it. Even if that means leaving home to attend World Cup Academy of Gymnastics, a training center that serves one purpose—producing champions. Perfection, precision, and dedication are required of his athletes. When two time Olympian Konstantin Kournakova is persuaded into training the young hopeful, he immediately regrets it. She doesn't come close to his high standards. As the relentless pursuit of her dream keeps her striving, a passion is ignited within him.Kova's power and domination, coupled with Adrianna's fierce tenacity, reveal there is more for her body to learn. Every interaction can be misconstrued, but there's o mistaking the darkening of his gaze, the lingering of his touch, or the illicit image of his bare skin pressed against hers. Integrity is on the line. One toe off the beam and their forbidden desires could ruin everything they ve worked for, throwing it all off balance. WARNING: This novel contains explicit content.
      Beauty and the Blitz
 Shatter the slipper. Spit out the apple. Fall for The Beast.   All-star linebacker Cole Hawthorne is a beast on the field, destroying offenses one broken quarterback at a time. Though he's  gifted athlete, his violent reputation makes him a liability to his team and a villain in the league.  As Cole's gent, it's y responsibility to convince the brooding loner that being traded is better than getting banished from the game. If he loses his contract, this single mom is out of a job.  So, it's p to me to tame the beast.  But the closer I get to the ferocious monster, the harder I fall for the passionate man underneath. He's rude and charming. Tough and sweet. Dangerous…but even he can t resist my baby's iggle.  Denying my feelings might protect my heart, but the trading deadline is closing in. When Cole reveals the dirty truth about the trade, I can t let the league rip us apart.  Do I save my career…or do I protect a man who deserves a happily ever after?  Maybe no one can love a beast… But they haven t met Cole Hawthorne.    Beauty and the Blitz is a flirty, standalone romantic comedy with no cliffhangers and a guaranteed happily-ever-after. As a special release celebration and a thank you to my readers, Sweetest Sin and Bad Boy's Baby are included as FREE bonus books with this file! All three books are full-length, 350+ paperback pages of deliciously sexy romance. 
      Ahead of the Curve: Inside the Baseball Revolution
A delight for baseball lovers  (Kirkus Reviews) and one of the most significant baseball books of the year  (Bob Costas) Ahead of the Curve uses stories from baseball's resent and past to examine why we sometimes choose ignorance over information, and how tradition can trump logic.Forget batting average. Kill the Win.  Say goodbye to starting pitchers. And please, please stop bunting. MLB Network anchor and commentator Brian Kenny provides an excellent, entertaining read for the all-around baseball fan  (Library Journal) and shows how baseball has been revolutionized—not destroyed—by analytical thinking.Most people who resist logical thought in baseball preach tradition  and respecting the game.  But many of baseball's raditions go back to the nineteenth century, when the pitcher's ob was to provide the batter with a ball he could hit and fielders played without gloves. Instead of fearing change, Brian Kenny wants fans to think critically, reject outmoded groupthink, and embrace the changes that have come with the sabermetric era. In his entertaining and enlightening book, Kenny discusses why the pitching win-loss record, the Triple Crown, fielding errors, and so-called battling titles should be ignored. He also points out how fossilized sportswriters have been electing the wrong MVP's nd ignoring legitimate candidates for the Hall of Fame; why managers are hired based on their looks; and how the most important position in baseball may just be Director of Decision Sciences. Prepare to have your brain and your assumptions challenged. Guided by data and a deep love of the game, Brian Kenny takes a cutting-edge look at where baseball is and where it is going  (Tom Verducci, Sports Illustrated). Illustrated with unique anecdotes from those who have reshaped the game, Ahead of the Curve is a great story about the game in the age of information and technology  (Billy Beane).
      You Will Know Me
Katie and Eric Knox have dedicated their lives to their fifteen-year-old daughter Devon, a gymnastics prodigy and Olympic hopeful. But when a violent death rocks their close-knit gymnastics community just weeks before an all-important competition, everything the Knoxes have worked so hard for feels suddenly at risk. As rumors swirl among the other parents, revealing hidden plots and allegiances, Katie tries frantically to hold her family together while also finding herself drawn, irresistibly, to the crime itself, and the dark corners it threatens to illuminate. From a writer with exceptional gifts for making nerves jangle and skin crawl, (Janet Maslin) You Will Know Me is a breathless rollercoaster of a novel about the desperate limits of desire, jealousy, and ambition.
      Concussion
NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER  Now a major motion picture starring Will Smith, Concussion is the riveting, unlikely story of Dr. Bennet Omalu, the pathologist who made one of the most significant medical discoveries of the twenty-first century, a discovery that challenges the existence of America's avorite sport and puts Omalu in the crosshairs of football's ost powerful corporation: the Nfl. Jeanne Marie Laskas first met the young forensic pathologist Dr. Bennet Omalu in 2009, while reporting a story for GQ that would go on to inspire the movie Concussion. Omalu told her about a day in September 2002, when, in a dingy morgue in downtown Pittsburgh, he picked up a scalpel and made a discovery that would rattle America in ways he d never intended. Omalu was new to America, chasing the dream, a deeply spiritual man escaping the wounds of civil war in Nigeria. The body on the slab in front of him belonged to a fifty-year-old named Mike Webster, aka Iron Mike,  a Hall of Fame center for the Pittsburgh Steelers, one of the greatest ever to play the game. After retiring in 1990, Webster had suffered a dizzyingly steep decline. Toward the end of his life, he was living out of his van, tasering himself to relieve his chronic pain, and fixing his rotting teeth with Super Glue. How did this happen?, Omalu asked himself. How did a young man like Mike Webster end up like this? The search for answers would change Omalu's ife forever and put him in the crosshairs of one of the most powerful corporations in America: the National Football League. What Omalu discovered in Webster's rain—proof that Iron Mike's ental deterioration was no accident but a disease caused by blows to the head that could affect everyone playing the game—was the one truth the Nfl wanted to ignore.   Taut, gripping, and gorgeously told, Concussion is the stirring story of one unlikely man's ecision to stand up to a multibillion-dollar colossus, and to tell the world the truth.  Advance praise for Concussion A gripping medical mystery and a dazzling portrait of the young scientist no one wanted to listen to . . . a fabulous, essential read. —Rebecca Skloot, author of The Immortal Life of Henrietta LacksThe story of Dr. Bennet Omalu's attle against the Nfl is classic David and Goliath stuff, and Jeanne Marie Laskas—one of my favorite writers on earth—makes it as exciting as any great courtroom or gridiron drama. A riveting, powerful human tale—and a master class on how to tell a story. —Charles Duhigg, author of The Power of Habit   Bennet Omalu forced football to reckon with head trauma. The Nfl doesn t want you to hear his story, but Jeanne Marie Laskas makes it unforgettable. This book is gripping, eye-opening, and full of heart. —Emily Bazelon, author of Sticks and Stones
      Bang the Drum Slowly
Henry Wiggen, hero of The Southpaw and the best-known fictional baseball player in America, is back again, throwing a baseball with his arm and his brain and his memory and his bluff for the sake of his pocket and his family.  More than a novel about baseball, Bang the Drum Slowly is about the friendship and the lives of a group of men as they each learn that a teammate is dying of cancer. Bang the Drum Slowly was chosen as one of the top one hundred sports books of all time by Sports Illustrated and appears on numerous other lists of best baseball fiction. In the introduction to this new Bison Books edition Mark Harris discusses the making of the classic 1973 film starring Robert DeNiro, based on his screen adaptation of the book. Also available in Bison Books editions are The Southpaw, It Looked Like For Ever.
      Take Me Out to the Yakyu
Join one little boy and his family for two ballgames—on opposite sides of the world! Includes audio!You may know that baseball is the Great American Pastime, but did you know that it is also a beloved sport in Japan? Come along with one little boy and his grandfathers, one in America and one in Japan, as he learns about baseball and its rich, varying cultural traditions. This debut picture book from Aaron Meshon includes audio and is a home run—don t be surprised if the vivid illustrations and energetic text leave you shouting, LET's LAY YAKYU! 
      The Game Changer
It's ard to believe that it only takes one split second in time to turn your world completely upside down. Everything that ever made you feel safe and secure; can be gone in an instant...  Jesse's orld is shattered in that instant…the rest of her life is mapped out by a split second change that she never dreamed could happen. Now she must learn to start living through all of the things that come after. After suffering a breakdown, Jesse, a shy, awkward, soon to be junior in high school, and her father, decide to make a new start in a new town, hoping to find a tiny piece of the happiness they once knew. She never dreamed that the family living across the street from her new home could change her life in ways she never thought were possible… Luke thought he had his life figured out. The soon to be senior, thought he had everything; popularity, looks, charm, girls, and an arm that was the envy of every MLB pitcher in the game. The shy, awkward, but way too beautiful girl that moved into the house across the street, was not in his plans.  The story continues with everlasting friendships, love, challenges, and Game Changers that are unexpected in their young lives. Who knew that even after a tragedy, life can give you more than you ever had before?
      A Life Too Short: The Tragedy of Robert Enke
Winner of the William Hill Sports Book of the Year, the biography of Robert Enke, the international footballer with the world at his feet who took his own lifeHere, award-winning writer Ronald Reng pieces together the puzzle of his lost friend's life. On November 10, 2009, the German national goalkeeper, Robert Enke, stepped in front of a passing train. He was 32 years old. Viewed from the outside, Enke had it all. He was a professional goalkeeper who had played for a string of Europe's top clubs, including Jose Mourinho's Benfica and Louis Van Gaal's Barcelona, and was destined to be his country's first choice for years to come. But beneath the bright veneer of success lay a darker story. Reng brings into sharp relief the specific demands and fears faced by those who play top-level sport. Heartfelt, but never sentimental, he tells the universal tragedy of a talented man's struggles against his own demons.
      Big Hair and Plastic Grass: A Funky Ride Through Baseball and America in the Swinging '70s
The Bronx Is Burning meets Chuck Klosterman in this wild pop-culture history of baseball's most colorful and controversial decade 
      The Brothers K
Duncan took almost 10 years to follow up the publication of his much-praised first novel, The River Why, but this massive second effort is well worth the wait. It is a stunning work: a complex tapestry of family tensions, baseball, politics and religion, by turns hilariously funny and agonizingly sad. Highly inventive formally, the novel is mainly narrated by Kincaid Chance, the youngest son in a family of four boys and identical twin girls, the children of Hugh Chance, a discouraged minor-league ballplayer whose once-promising career was curtained by an industrial accident, and his wife Laura, an increasingly fanatical Seventh-Day Adventist. The plot traces the working-out of the family's fate from the beginning of the Eisenhower years through the traumas of Vietnam.
      Odd Man Out: A Year on the Mound with a Minor League Misfit
A Season on the Mound with Minor League Baseball's Most Unlikely Pitcher Matt McCarthy never expected to get drafted by a Major League Baseball team. A molecular biophysics major at Yale, he was a decent left-handed starter for a dismal college team. But good southpaws are hard to find, and when the Anaheim Angels selected him in the twenty-first round of the 2002 draft, McCarthy jumped at the chance to live every boy's dream.  In Odd Man Out, McCarthy tells the captivating and hilarious story of his year with the Provo Angels, Anaheim's Class A minor league affiliate in the heart of Mormon country. He quickly discovers the dirty truths of the minors: the Americans and Dominicans don't speak to each other, the allure of steroids is ever present, and everyone puts his own stats ahead of the team's success. With a brilliant eye for baseball's character, McCarthy takes readers through the ups and downs of an antic, grueling season filled with cross-country road trips, bizarre rivalries, and players competing with cutthroat intensity for the ultimate prize-a call up to the majors.  In the spirit of Ball Four, McCarthy recounts inside-the-locker-room tales of teammates who would go on to stardom, including Bobby Jenks, Joe Saunders, and Ervin Santana. Odd Man Out is one of the great books about baseball life, capturing with rare perfection the gritty essence of our national pastime as it is played outside the spotlight.
      I Was Right On Time
From Babe Ruth to Bo Jackson, from Cool Papa Bell to Lou Brock, Buck O'Neil has seen it all. As a first baseman and then manager of the legendary Kansas City Monarchs, O'Neil witnessed the heyday of the Negro leagues and their ultimate demise.  In I Was Right on Time, he charmingly recalls his days as a ballplayer and as an African-American in a racially divided country. Whether he's telling of his barnstorming days with the likes of Satchel Paige and Josh Gibson or the day in 1962 when he became the first African-American coach in the major leagues, O'Neil takes us on a trip not only through baseball's past but through America's as well.
      The Trouble with You
From the author of the Wicked Bay series, comes an angsty YA/NA enemies-to-lovers romance. Cocky football players, school rivalry, and the girls who get in their way. Get ready … The Raiders are coming!  Hailee Raine only has to survive one more year. One year of life in her football obsessed town. One year of nauseating school spirit. Just one more year of her cruel step-brother Jason; and his cocky, arrogant, football-playing friends. She hates them. Especially, Cameron Chase, the guy she thought was different.  Cameron Chase has the world at his feet. He has it all; good looks, talent, and the charm to go with it. He has colleges lined up at the door, all wanting a piece of Rixon Raiders star wide receiver. Until something threatens everything he's ever worked for, and only one person can quiet the war raging inside him. But he's supposed to hate her; his best friend's sister.  She's off-limits. Untouchable. She's trouble with a capital T.  Then Hailee finds herself in the middle of a football prank gone wrong... And suddenly hating each other never felt so good.  The Trouble With Youis the first book in The Rixon Raiders series. All books in this series can be read as standalones!
      Anton
He's nown as Father Anton to his teammates—the brooding, sexy captain of the NHL's hicago Blaze has a reputation for…not having a reputation. Just like his diet and sleep routines, celibacy is part of Anton Petrov's n-ice mojo. Or so they say. Anton stays mum on the subject. If the world thinks he chooses to abstain from sex, so be it. Better that than the truth getting out: there is a woman he burns for, but he can never have her. She's is teammate's ife, after all.Mia Marceau is finally on her own. Now that she and her husband are living apart, she's inding the peace she was desperate for. She spends her days in classes and late nights bartending, making her own way in the world at last. After what she's een through, as long as her husband leaves her alone, she doesn t plan to rock the boat. He still has the power to hurt those dearest to her, and she can t demand a divorce with such a high cost.A chance encounter with Mia has Anton hoping for a shot he never thought he d get. And while she's rawn to the intense, serious hockey center, Mia's eery about playing with fire. That's ll Anton has ever known for Mia, though—a living, burning desire that won t be denied—no matter the cost.
      The Fadeaway
This college jock is a total player. He's sed to getting who and what he wants. Until her . . .   Katrina  The hottest guy on campus won t stop asking me out. I know that sounds like a good problem to have, but this guy… this guy has no idea how complicated my life is trying to juggle being a single mom and college student. Every Thursday, he shows up at the café where I work. His cheesy pickup lines and arrogance should have me completely annoyed. I m not. I can t say yes, but Thursday is my favorite day of the week.  Joel  The hottest girl on campus won t go out with me. I know, I know, that sounds presumptuous, but this girl… this girl has gotten under my skin, and I can t seem to walk away. Every Thursday, I show up at the café where she works. She's ed me every excuse in the book. I should give up and bang one of the many girls blowing up my phone. I m not. Even when she says no, Thursday is my favorite day of the week.
      Risky Play
Even one-night stands deserve a second chance in New York Times bestselling author Rachel Van Dyken's ovel of sporting desire.What else can a virgin do when she's itched at the altar? Seattle heiress Mackenzie Dupont is treating herself to a single-girl honeymoon in Mexico and a desire to relinquish her innocence to a gorgeous one-night stand. Fake names. True pleasure. But when she wakes up alone, Mackenzie realizes just how much anger is left in her broken heart.Suffering a tragic personal loss, pro soccer player Slade Rodriguez has his reasons for vanishing without a goodbye. Right or wrong, he's laming the beautiful and infuriating stranger he never wants to see again. They re both in for a shock when Mackenzie shows up as his new personal assistant. And they both have a lot to learn about each other. Because they share more than they could possibly know, including a common enemy who's laying his own games. And he's ot afraid to get dirty.Now there's nly one way Mackenzie and Slade can win: to trust in each other and to stop hiding from the lies they ve told, the secrets they ve kept, the mistakes they ve made, and the attraction that still burns between them.
      Game Changer
Thirteen-year-old Teddy Youngblood is in a coma fighting for his life after an unspecified football injury at training camp. His family and friends flock to his bedside to support his recovery—and to discuss the events leading up to the tragic accident. Was this an inevitable result of playing a violent sport, or was something more sinister happening on the field that day? Told in an innovative, multimedia format combining dialogue, texts, newspaper articles, transcripts, an online forum, and Teddy's nner thoughts, Game Changer explores the joyous thrills and terrifying risks of America's ost popular sport.
      Return of the King: LeBron James, The Cleveland Cavaliers and the Greatest Comeback in NBA History
In this New York Times bestseller, get the inside scoop into LeBron James's return -- and ultimate triumph -- in Cleveland. What really happened when LeBron James stunned the NBA by leaving a potential dynasty in Miami to come home to play with the Cleveland Cavaliers? How did the Cavs use secret meetings to put together the deal to add star Kevin Love? Who really made the controversial decision to fire coach David Blatt when the team was in first place? Where did the greatest comeback in NBA history truly begin-and end? Return of the King takes you onto the private planes, inside the locker-room conversations, and into the middle of the intense huddles where one of the greatest stories in basketball history took place, resulting in the Cavs winning the 2016 NBA title after trailing the Golden State Warriors three games to one.  You'll hear from all the characters involved: the players, the executives, the agents, and the owners as they reveal stories never before told. Get the background on all the controversies, the rivalries, and the bad blood from two reporters who were there for every day, plot twist, and social media snafu as they take you through the fascinating ride that culminated in a heart-stopping Game Seven.
      Playing by Her Rules
In this grudge match, the first to score…When style columnist Matilda Kent accidentally lets slip that she was once involved with the captain of the Sydney Smoke rugby team, she suddenly finds herself elevated to the position she's lways wanted — feature writer. The catch? She's tuck doing a six-part series on her ex. Still, there's o way she can turn down a promotion… or the chance to dish the dirt on the guy who so callously broke her heart.…could win it all!Tanner Stone wants to be involved in a feature series about as much as he wants to snap an Achilles. But the thought of seeing Tilly again is a bonus — and has him more worked up than he wants to admit. Only he's ot prepared for how different she is — all cool and professional. His Tilly is still in there, though… and he still wants her, now more than ever. All he has to do is charm her into giving him a rematch. And this time, winner takes all!
      Faceoff
Kyla has tried so hard to be one of the boys. She was always like a little sister to Tag. One summer, things changed from sibling teasing to blazing sexual tension. When they re reunited for a two-family reunion, the desire and lust are still there, simmering below the surface. Tag is a pro hockey player who is cynical about women. He knows they re only interested in him because of who he is. Kyla is an attorney who's till trying to be one of the boys  at her law firm. They re both adults and neither of them is looking for a relationship. A hot summer week at the lake. Need. Attraction. There's o reason they shouldn t explore each other.
      Icebreaker
Good thing high-powered attorney Sinead O'Brien has a rule about never dating clients. Because Adam Perry, the newest star of the New York Blades—and her newest client—has her headed for the penalty box. If only she could prove he's just another jock...Adam's been charged with assault after a borderline hit on another star player, but off the ice he's a private, no-nonsense guy who knows the Blades are his last shot at Stanley Cup glory. Assembling her case, Sinead tries not to get distracted by Adam's dazzling good looks or strong work ethic, but she quickly discovers that there's a wounded man under that jersey, and she's starting to fall for him—hard.Now Adam's having trouble focusing on the goal with Sinead in his sights. And Sinead is tempted to break her no dating clients rule. Can they play on their newfound feelings without penalties?
      Red and Me: My Coach, My Lifelong Friend
Bill Russell was the greatest team basketball player ever….[He] has produced a moving tribute to his friend and, in a larger sense, to friendship. —Booklist  In Red and Me, Boston Celtics basketball legend Bill Russell pays homage to his mentor and coach, the inimitable Red Auerbach. A poignant remembrance of a life-altering relationship in the tradition of Big Russ and Me and Tuesdays With Morrie, Red and Me tells an unforgettable story of one unlikely and enduring friendship set against the backdrop of the greatest basketball dynasty in NBA history.
      Never Die Easy: The Autobiography of Walter Payton
Never die easy. Why run out of bounds and die easy? Make that linebacker pay. It carries into all facets of your life. It's okay to lose, to die, but don't die without trying, without giving it your best. His legacy is towering. Walter Payton—the man they called Sweetness, for the way he ran—remains the most prolific running back in the history of the National Football League, the star of the Chicago Bears' only Super Bowl Championship, eleven times voted the most popular sports figure in Chicago's history. Off the field, he was a devoted father whose charitable foundation benefited tens of thousands of children each year, and who—faced with terminal liver disease—refused to use his celebrity to gain a preferential position for organ donation. Walter Payton was not just a football hero; he was America's hero.        Never Die Easy is Walter Payton's autobiography, told from the heart. Growing up poor in Mississippi, he took up football to get girls' attention, and went on to become a Black College All-American at tiny Jackson State (during which time he was also a finalist in a Soul Train dance contest). Drafted by the Bears in 1975, he predicted that he would last only five years but went on to play thirteen extraordinary seasons, a career earning him regular acknowledgment as one of the greatest players in the history of professional football. And when his playing days were over, he approached business and charity endeavors with the same determination and success he had brought to the football field, always putting first his devotion to friends and family. His ultimate battle with illness truly proved him the champion he always had been and prompted a staggering outpouring of love and support from hundreds of thousands of friends and admirers.        Written with veteran journalist and author Don Yaeger in the last weeks of Walter Payton's life, Never Die Easy presents Walter's singular voice—warm, plainspoken, funny, self-aware—along with the voices of the friends, family, teammates, and business associates who knew him best at all stages of his life, including his wife, Connie, and their children, Brittney and Jarrett; his teammate and friend Matt Suhey; former Bears head coach Mike Ditka; and many, many others.          Walter made Don Yaeger promise that his book would be inspirational and leave people with some kind of lesson . . . and make sure you spell all the words right. Never Die Easy keeps all those promises.
      The Umpire Strikes Back
Here is Ron Luciano, the funniest ump ever to call balls and strikes. A huge and awesome legend who leaps and spins and shoots players with an index finger while screaming OUTOUTOUT!!! Now baseball's flamboyant fan-on-the-field comes out from behind the mask to call the game as he really sees it.
      Namath: A Biography
In between Babe Ruth and Michael Jordan there was Joe Namath, one of thea  few sports heroes to transcend the game he played. Novelist and former sports-columnist Mark Kriegel's estselling biography of the iconic quarterback details his journey from steel-town pool halls to the upper reaches of American celebritya€ and beyond. The first of his kind, Namath enabled a nation to see sports as show biz. For an entire generation he became a spectacle of booze and broads, a guy who made bachelorhood seem an almost sacred calling, but it was his audacious guarantee  of victory in Super Bowl III that ensured his legend. This unforgettable portrait brings readers from the gridiron to the go-go nightclubs as Kriegel uncovers the truth behind Broadway Joe and why his legend has meant so much to so many. 
      Trying to Score
Teddy King excels at many things. Playing hockey. Check.  Scoring on and off the ice. Check.  Being stupidly attractive ... Double check.  I knew him way back when. Before he was the guy everyone wanted a piece of, he was just a rebellious college co-ed and one of my more energetic study partners. But secrets have a way of getting out, and a steamy encounter from our college days (that we probably shouldn't have filmed) is about to cause a major scandal. Unless we can work together to stop it. Teddy's o stranger to hard work … but the thing he wants most?Is me. Note: This high-heat standalone is chock-full of scorching banter and steamy good times. He's a testosterone-dripping hockey player who wants a second chance. She's a tough as nails attorney intent on making partner. Loads of hot banter. No cliffhanger. Enjoy! Your favorite hot jocks are back with an all new stand-alone novel. If you like sexy, confident men who know how to handle a stick (on and off the ice), and smart women who are strong enough to keep all those big egos in check, this series of athlete romances is perfect for you!(Books can be enjoyed in any order.)
      Off Limits
Perfect for fans of Sawyer Bennett and Toni Aleo, Kelly Jamieson's harming holiday novella kicks off a brand-new series featuring the hunky hockey stars of the Chicago Aces.  The Christmas season always puts a smile on Jenna McFadden's ace. Even though she's ringing a boyfriend home for the first time, inside she's ying to see Andrew. Years ago, when the McFaddens took the troubled teen into their home, Jenna had to keep her blazing-hot crush a secret. And now that he's laying pro hockey for the NHL's hicago Aces, nothing's hanged. With his wide shoulders and taut muscles, Andrew's he most tempting package in the house . . . one that Jenna's ying to unwrap.   Andrew Ross just can t make a play for Jenna. Her dad and brothers wouldn t approve, and he could never betray the trust of the wonderful people who treated him like family when he lost his own. That's hat makes the holidays so hard. Whether Jenna's kating with Andrew on a frozen pond or sitting on his lap while he plays Santa, she's ushing all their boundaries—and there's nly so much a man can take. Andrew knows that she's ff-limits. But something deep down tells him that Jenna's eart is the one prize he simply has to win.  Includes a special message from the editor, as well as an excerpt from another Loveswept title.
      Down for the Count
A sexy category romance from Entangled's Brazen imprint...Truth or dare…or TKO?When Lacey Garrity finds her groom in flagrante delicto in the reception hall closet with her bridesmaid, she's saved by her best friend's lder brother—childhood tormentor, crush, and boxing bad boy Galen Thomas. Galen's olution is both exciting and dangerous. What better way to forget the mess of her life than go on her honeymoon with a hot guy who can t promise anything beyond today?Galen had been counting on Lacey's wedding to put her out of reach—and out of his mind—once and for all, but their steamy Puerto Rican escape is testing all his boundaries. Now that Lacey's mbracing her inner bad girl, Galen is tempted to throw in the towel and claim her for himself. But with the biggest fight of his career on the line and an important business merger threatening to derail Lacey's esolve, their romance might be down for the count before it even begins.
      Binding Arbitration
Through the corridors of the Windy City's riminal courts, single mother Libby Tucker knows exactly how far she ll go to save her cancer-stricken son's ife. The undefeated defense attorney is prepared to take her fight all the way to the majors.Circumstances force Libby to plead her case at the cleats of celebrity baseball player Banford Aidan Palowski, the man who discarded her at their college graduation. Libby has worked her backside bare for everything she's ttained, while Aidan has been indulged since he slid through the birth canal and landed in a pile of Gold Coast money. But helping Libby and living up to his biological duty could jeopardize the only thing the jock worships: his baseball career.If baseball imitates life, Aidan admits his appears to be silver-plated peanuts, until an unexpected confrontation with the most spectacular prize that's ver poured from a caramel corn box blindsides him. When he learns about his son's esperate need, it pricks open the wound he's arried since he abandoned Libby and the child.All Libby wants is a little anonymous DNA, but Aidan has a magical umpire in his head who knows Libby's  fateball right to the heart. When a six-year-old sage and a hippy priestess step onto the field, there's ore to settle between Libby and Aidan than heartache, redemption, and forgiveness.
      Touching the Void: The True Story of One Man's Miraculous Survival
Touching the Void is the heart-stopping account of Joe Simpson's terrifying adventure in the Peruvian Andes. He and his climbing partner, Simon, reached the summit of the remote Siula Grande in June 1985. A few days later, Simon staggered into Base Camp, exhausted and frost-bitten, with news that that Joe was dead.What happened to Joe, and how the pair dealt with the psychological traumas that resulted when Simon was forced into the appalling decision to cut the rope, makes not only an epic of survival but a compelling testament of friendship.
      Who's Your Caddy?: Looping for the Great, Near Great, and Reprobates of Golf
The funniest and most popular sportswriter in America abandons his desk to caddy for some of the world's most famous golfers--and some celebrity duffers--with hilarious results in this New York Times bestseller.Who knows a golfer best? Who's with them every minute of every round, hears their muttering, knows whether they cheat? Their caddies, of course. So sportswriter Rick Reilly figured that he could learn a lot about the players and their game by caddying, even though he had absolutely no idea how to do it. Amazingly, some of the best golfers in the world--including Jack Nicklaus, David Duval, Tom Lehman, John Daly, Jill McGill of the LPGA tour, and Casey Martin--agreed to let Reilly carry their bags at actual PGA and LPGA Tour events. To round out his portrait of the golfing life, Reilly also persuaded Deepak Chopra and Donald Trump to take him on as a caddy, accompanied the four highest-rolling golf hustlers in Las Vegas around the course, and carried the bag for a blind golfer.Between his hilarious descriptions of his own ineptitude as a caddy and his insight into what makes the greats of golf so great, Reilly's wicked wit and an expert's eye provide readers with the next best thing to a great round of golf.
      My Life in Shambles
My Life in Shambles is an emotional and sexy new standalone contemporary romance from the New York Times bestselling author of A Nordic King and The Pact.  When Valerie Stephens made the resolution to say yes to new adventures, she never thought she d end up in the tiny town of Shambles, fake engaged to one of Ireland's op rugby players. But there's  first time for everything.  They say bad things happen in threes.  After my boyfriend broke off our engagement, I lost my apartment, and was laid off from my job, I can definitely attest to that.  They also say life is what happens when you say yes to new adventures.  So when my two sisters invited me to ring in the new year in Ireland, I decided to throw all caution to the wind and go for it. I was going to let saying yes  be my new resolution.  Little did I know I d spend New Year's ve having a hot and dirty one-night stand with Padraig McCarthy, one hell of a sexy Irishman. I also didn t know that the brooding and intense sex god was one of Ireland's op rugby players.  A rugby player with a proposition for me:  Come with him to his tiny hometown of Shambles and pretend to be his fiancé for a few days, just so that his ailing father can have some peace of mind.  It sounded simple enough.  It was anything but.  Not when a town gets up in your business, not when the media hunts you down, not when your past comes back in the picture, not when there are real hearts and feelings at stake.  Not when there are secrets that could break you.  They say life is what happens when you say yes to new adventures.  This is my life in Shambles.
      Fence #6
After an unexpected defeat, tensions run high among the fencers of Kings Row.
      Broken Beautiful Hearts
Her heart has to break before it can open.When star soccer player Peyton Rios receives an offer from her first-choice college, senior year starts off exactly as planned. But when Peyton uncovers her boyfriend's ark secret, she confronts him―and finds herself falling down a flight of stairs. Peyton's nee―and maybe her dream of going pro―is shattered. Everyone is talking: Was she pushed, or did she fall? Peyton knows the truth, even if no one believes her.He has to let someone in before it's oo late.With her future on the line, Peyton goes to stay with her uncle in a small Tennessee town to focus on her recovery. Dating is the last thing on her mind―until she meets sweet, sexy Owen Law.But Peyton doesn t trust her heart, especially when she senses that Owen is hiding something. When their secrets are finally exposed, Peyton has to decide if love is worth fighting for.
      Bad Boy's Baby
 Play-maker. Trouble-maker. Baby-maker?   Star professional quarterback Jack Carson has the worst reputation in the league. He's rrogant and gorgeous, and if he's ot in bed with a new woman, he's leeping off the party in a jail cell.  But now he's otten in trouble too many times and needs my help to protect his career. As his publicist, I ve hidden his dirty exploits and silenced the sexy rumors…but I missed the hottest scandal of the year.  Apparently, Jack and I are dating.  When the trouble-maker lies to the league and claims we re in a committed relationship, he jeopardizes both our jobs. I can t trust the tattooed bad boy, but now I m stuck defending him. I have to make him seem respectable—no matter what.  But his shameful reputation isn t fixed with a few photos of us on a date. With the league determined to expel him for bad-behavior, Jack has only one option to convince them he's holesome, dependable, and responsible.  Jack Carson wants to start a family.  And he's hosen me to give him the baby.  This super steamy, bad boy romance is a standalone with no cliffhangers and a guaranteed happily-ever-after. For a limited time only, HARD is also included with this novel. HARD is a bonus full-length, bad-boy Navy Seal romance. Enjoy!  
      Bury the Hatchet
They both need to make amends…But they might be making more than that.Tulsa Thunderbirds goaltender Hunter Fielding has a lot of kissing up to do following a few brash and uncalled-for statements. Now he needs to prove to the watchful eyes that he's hanged for the better. But cozying up to Little-Miss-Perfect-Gone-Bad isn t his idea of making amends.Agreeing to marry a hockey star to clear her bad girl  reputation is the worst idea Oklahoma's ormer sweetheart, Tallulah Belle Roth, has ever heard. With cameras constantly in their faces, Hunter and Tallie need to prove their sickeningly-sweet, do-good lives are the real deal—just to Bury the Hatchet once and for all.But when the cameras are off, desire burns hot. Can fake and just for show turn into something real and forever?
      The Aftermath
The second book in a New Adult fiction series from USA Today bestselling author R.J. Prescott.Cormac The Hurricane O'Connell's star is on the rise. Billed as the most promising young boxer of his generation, his new career is taking him to places he never dreamed. But O'Connell only needs one thing in life: his wife. In her final year of college, Em cannot follow him around the world but together they make it work. Just when everything they ever wanted is on the horizon, the past resurfaces to haunt them, and O'Connell realizes that justice might not be a part of his happy ever after. He couldn't protect Em once before, but in the aftermath of the hurricane, he will make sure that never happens again.
      Worth Forgiving
They say men like a lady in the living room and a whore in the bedroom. I never knew the sentiment was reciprocal. Until I met Jax Knight. A gentleman in public, a commanding, dirty talking rogue in the bedroom.Daughter of legendary fighter The Saint,  Lily St. Claire knows firsthand how fighters can be. As the owner of a chain of MMA gyms, she's o stranger to aggressive, dominating, and possessive men. That's hy she's lways kept her distance. But the day Jax Knight walks through her door she's aptivated by his charm. Stunningly handsome, well mannered, Ivy League educated, and confident, he shatters all the preconceived notions she d come to think were true about men who trained to fight.But falling for someone so soon after her breakup wasn t something she d planned on. And definitely not something her ex plans to allow.
      Being Sloane Jacobs
Meet Sloane Emily Jacobs: a seriously stressed-out figure-skater from Washington, D.C., who choked during junior nationals and isn t sure she's eady for a comeback. What she does know is that she d give anything to escape the mass of misery that is her life. Now meet Sloane Devon Jacobs, a spunky ice hockey player from Philly who's een suspended from her team for too many aggressive hip checks. Her punishment? Hockey camp, now, when she's laying the worst she's ver played. If she messes up? Her life will be over.When the two Sloanes meet by chance in Montreal and decide to trade places for the summer, each girl thinks she's he lucky one: no strangers to judge or laugh at Sloane Emily, no scouts expecting Sloane Devon to be a hero. But it didn t occur to Sloane E. that while avoiding sequins and axels she might meet a hockey hottie—and Sloane D. never expected to run into a familiar (and very good-looking) face from home. It's ot long before the Sloanes discover that convincing people you re someone else might be more difficult than being yourself.
      My Roommate's a Jock? Well, Crap!
It's easy to become cynical when life never goes your way.Cole Reid has been a social recluse since he was fifteen, when he was outed by his high school baseball team. Since then, his obsessive-compulsive behavior and sarcastic nature have driven away most of the population, and everyone else hates him because he's gay. As he sees it, he's bound to repulse any prospective friends, let alone boyfriends, so why bother?By the time Cole enters college, he's become an anal-retentive loner—but it's not a problem until his roommate graduates and the housing department assigns Ellis Montgomery to move in with Cole. Ellis is messy, gorgeous, straight, and worst of all, a jock!During a school year filled with frat buddies, camping expeditions, and meddling parents, Cole and Ellis develop a friendship that turns Cole's glass-half-empty outlook on its head. There must be more to Ellis than a fun-loving jock—and maybe Cole's reawakening libido has rekindled his hope for more than camaraderie.
      The Iowa Baseball Confederacy
Bearing W.P. Kinsella's trademark combination of sweet-natured prose and a richly imagined world (Philadelphia Inquirer), The Iowa Baseball Confederacy tells the story of Gideon Clark, a man on a quest. He is out to prove to the world that the indomitable Chicago Cubs traveled to Iowa in the summer of 1908 for an exhibition game against an amateur league, the Iowa Baseball Confederacy. But a simple game somehow turned into a titanic battle of more than two thousand innings, and Gideon Clark struggles to set the record straight on this infamous game that no one else believes ever happened.
      The Amateurs
In The Amateurs, David Halberstam once again displays the unique brand of reportage, both penetrating and supple, that distinguished his bestselling The Best and the Brightest and October 1964. This time he has taken for his subject the dramatic and special world of amateur rowing. While other athletes are earning fortunes in salaries and-or endorsements, the oarsmen gain fame only with each other and strive without any hope of financial reward.What drives these men to endure a physical pain known to no other sport? Who are they? Where do they come from? How do they regard themselves and their competitors? What have they sacrificed, and what inner demons have they appeased? In answering these questions, David Halberstam takes as his focus the 1984 single sculls trials in Princeton. The man who wins will gain the right to represent the United States in the 84 Olympiad; the losers will then have to struggle further to gain a place in the two- or four-man boats. And even if they succeed, they will have to live with the bitter knowledge that they were not the best, only close to it.Informative and compelling, The Amateurs combines the vividness of superb sportswriting with the narrative skills of a Pulitzer Prize-winning correspondent.
      You Cannot Be Serious
John McEnroe stunned the tennis elite when he came out of nowhere to make the Wimbledon semifinals at the age of 18 - and just a few years later, he was ranked number one in the world. You Cannot Be Serious is McEnroe at his most personal, a no-holds-barred examination of Johnny Mac, the kid from Queens, and his wild ride through the world of professional tennis at a boom time when players were treated like rock stars. Here he candidly explores the roots of his famous on-court explosions; his ambivalence toward the sport that made him famous; his adventures (and misadventures) on the road; his views of colleagues from Connors to Borg to Lendl; his opinions of contemporary tennis-and his current roles as husband, father, senior tour player, and often-controversial commentator.
      Ironman
Bo has been at war with his father for as long as he can remember. The rage he feels gives him the energy as a triathlete to press his body to the limit, but it also translates into angry outbursts toward his teachers.Now dangerously close to expulsion from school, Bo has been assigned to Anger Management sessions with the school truants. With an eclectic mix of hard-edged students, Bo may finally have to deal with his long-brewing hatred for his father -- before it eats away at him completely.
      The Wrong Game
Two season tickets. One genius idea. Zero interest in a relationship.  The plan is simple: a brand new, hot, preferably funny, definitely single male will fill one of those seats for every Bears game at Soldier Field. And I ll fill the other.  I can t think of a better way to use the season passes I d bought for my ex-husband. I am a woman of plans, and this one's oolproof.  Until Zach Bowen offers to be my practice round.  He's nfuriating. Presumptuous and overbearing. And absolutely, undeniably gorgeous. Any woman with a heartbeat would be attracted to him, and mine picks up speed every time he speaks.  But as I said, I m a woman of plans — and I m not backing down on this one.  One night. One game. And then, his time's p.  He can try to change the rules, but here's he truth: he can t win if he's laying the wrong game.   The Wrong Game is a stand-alone, angsty, enemies-to-lovers sports romance. 
      Cold Day in the Sun
A Junior Library Guild Selection Holland Delviss wants to be known for her talent as a hockey player, not a hockey player who happens to be a girl. But when her school team is selected to be featured and televised as part of HockeyFest, her status as the only girl on the boys  team makes her the lead story. Not everyone is thrilled with Holland's ew fame, but there's ne person who fiercely supports her, and it's he last person she expects (and definitely the last person she should be falling for): her bossy team captain, Wes.  
      Lucky Number Eleven
I ve always been the person that does whatever someone tells me I can t. Can t graduate with a four-point-oh? Check.Can t win a modeling contract without trying? Did it. Check.Can t make it in the pro football league? Triple check with an MVP Award on top.When my best friend told me to stay away from his little sister, Layla, it didn t sound like a challenge. Then again, I d never seen her before.He obviously wasn t thinking about who he was talking to if he believed I could ignore her. I obviously wasn t thinking of him at all when I fell in love with her either. Fact of the matter is: I not only fell harder than a quarterback sack on a Sunday night game, but I did us one better. Kind of like that MVP award, only not so shiny. Sort of like my Player of the Year title, except the only thing I m walking away with is an ex-best friend and a woman that hates my guts. It's kay. Just tell me I can t win her back. I m Branch Lucky  Best and today's y lucky day. Lucky Number Eleven is a STANDALONE NOVEL.
      Bittersweet
Once upon a time, Hudson knew exactly what her future looked like. Then a betrayal changed her life, and knocked her dreams to the ground. Now she's  girl who doesn t believe in second chances... a girl who stays under the radar by baking cupcakes at her mom's iner and obsessing over what might have been.So when things start looking up and she has another shot at her dreams, Hudson is equal parts hopeful and terrified. Of course, this is also the moment a cute, sweet guy walks into her life... and starts serving up some seriously mixed signals. She's ot a lot on her plate, and for a girl who's een burned before, risking it all is easier said than done.It's ime for Hudson to ask herself what she really wants, and how much she's illing to sacrifice to get it. Because in a place where opportunities are fleeting, she knows this chance may very well be her last...
      Days of Grace: A Memoir
Days of Grace is an inspiring memoir of a remarkable man who was the true embodiment of courage, elegance, and the spirit to fight: Arthur Ashe--tennis champion, social activist, and person with AIDS. Frank, revealing, touching--Days of Grace is the story of a man felled to soon. It remains as his legacy to us all....
      Jackie Robinson: A Biography
The extraordinary life of Jackie Robinson is illuminated as never before in this full-scale biography by Arnold Rampersad, who was chosen by Jack's widow, Rachel, to tell her husband's story, and was given unprecedented access to his private papers. We are brought closer than we have ever been to the great ballplayer, a man of courage and quality who became a pivotal figure in the areas of race and civil rights.Born in the rural South, the son of a sharecropper, Robinson was reared in southern California. We see him blossom there as a student-athlete as he struggled against poverty and racism to uphold the beliefs instilled in him by his mother--faith in family, education, America, and God. We follow Robinson through World War II, when, in the first wave of racial integration in the armed forces, he was commissioned as an officer, then court-martialed after refusing to move to the back of a bus. After he plays in the Negro National League, we watch the opening of an all-American drama as, late in 1945, Branch Rickey of the Brooklyn Dodgers recognized Jack as the right player to break baseball's color barrier--and the game was forever changed.Jack's never-before-published letters open up his relationship with his family, especially his wife, Rachel, whom he married just as his perilous venture of integrating baseball began. Her memories are a major resource of the narrative as we learn about the severe harassment Robinson endured from teammates and opponents alike; about death threats and exclusion; about joy and remarkable success. We watch his courageous response to abuse, first as a stoic endurer, then as a fighter who epitomized courage and defiance.We see his growing friendship with white players like Pee Wee Reese and the black teammates who followed in his footsteps, and his embrace by Brooklyn's fans. We follow his blazing career: 1947, Rookie of the Year; 1949, Most Valuable Player; six pennants in ten seasons, and 1962, induction into the Hall of Fame. But sports were merely one aspect of his life. We see his business ventures, his leading role in the community, his early support of Martin Luther King Jr., his commitment to the civil rights movement at a crucial stage in its evolution; his controversial associations with Eisenhower, Kennedy, Nixon, Humphrey, Goldwater, Nelson Rockefeller, and Malcolm X.Rampersad's magnificent biography leaves us with an indelible image of a principled man who was passionate in his loyalties and opinions: a baseball player who could focus a crowd's attention as no one before or since; an activist at the crossroads of his people's struggle; a dedicated family man whose last years were plagued by illness and tragedy, and who died prematurely at fifty-two. He was a pathfinder, an American hero, and he now has the biography he deserves.From the Hardcover edition.
      Honus & Me
Joe Stoshack lives for baseball. He knows everything there is to know about the game -- except how to play well. His specialty is striking out. Stosh feels like a real loser, and when he takes a low-paying job cleaning a bunch of junk out of his neighbor's attic, he feels even worse -- until he comes across a little piece of cardboard that takes his breath away. His heart is racing. His brain is racing. He can hardly believe his eyes. Stosh has stumbled upon a T-206 Honus Wagner -- the most valuable baseball card in the world! And he's about to find out that it's worth a lot more than money....
      The Old Ball Game: How John McGraw, Christy Mathewson, and the New York Giants Created Modern Baseball
In The Old Ball Game, Frank Deford, NPR sports commentator and Sports Illustrated journalist retells the story of an unusual friendship between two towering figures in baseball history.At the turn of the twentieth century, Christy Mathewson was one of baseball's first superstars. Over six feet tall, clean cut, and college educated, he didn't pitch on the Sabbath and rarely spoke an ill word about anyone. He also had one of the most devastating arms in all of baseball. New York Giants manager John McGraw, by contrast, was ferocious. The pugnacious tough guy was already a star infielder who, with the Baltimore Orioles, helped develop a new, scrappy style of baseball, with plays like the hit-and-run, the Baltimore chop, and the squeeze play. When McGraw joined the Giants in 1902, the Giants were coming off their worst season ever. Yet within three years, Mathewson clinched New York City's first World Series for McGraw's team by throwing three straight shutouts in only six days, an incredible feat that is invariably called the greatest World Series performance ever. Because of their wonderful odd-couple association, baseball had its first superstar, the Giants ascended into legend, and baseball as a national pastime bloomed.
      Muhammad Ali: His Life and Times
In the words of more than 200 of Ali's amily members, opponents, friends, world leaders, and others who have known him best, the real Muhammad Ali emerges: deeply religious, mercurial, generous, a showman in and out of the ring.Thirty years after he burst onto the scene as a gold medal light-heavyweight at the Rome Olympics, Muhammad Ali is still a magical figure. His accomplishments in the ring were the stuff of legend—the two fights with Sonny Liston, when he proclaimed himself The Greatest  and proved he was; the three epic wars against Joe Frazier; the stunning victory over George Foreman in Zaire; and the shocking loss and final win that made him the first man to win back the heavyweight crown twice, fourteen years after he had first claimed it. Ali's ife has been played out as much on the front pages as on the sports pages. With brilliant immediacy and unprecedented candor, bestselling author Thomas Hauser recreates this extraordinary man.
      I Had a Hammer: The Hank Aaron Story
Henry Aaron left his mark on the world by breaking Babe Ruth's record for home runs. But the world has also left its mark on him. Hammering Hank Aaron's story is one that tells us much about baseball, naturally, but also about our times. His unique, poignant life has made him a symbol for much of the social history of twentieth-century America.Raised during the Depression in the Deep South enclave of Mobile, Alabama, Aaron broke into professional baseball as a cross-handed slugger and shortstop for the Indianapolis Clowns of the Negro American League. A year later, he and a few others had the unforgettable mission of integrating the South Atlantic League. A year after that, he was a timid rookie leftfielder for the Milwaukee Braves, for whom he became a World Series hero in 1957 as well as the MostValuable Player of the National League.Aaron found himself back in the South when the Braves moved to Atlanta in 1965. Nine years later, in the heat of hatred and controversy, he hit his 715th home run to break Ruth's and baseball's most cherished record--a feat that was recently voted the greatest moment in baseball history. That year, Aaron received over 900,000 pieces of mail, many of them vicious and racially charged.In a career that may be the most consistent baseball has ever seen. Aaron also set all-time records for total bases and RBIs. He ended his playing days by spending two nostalgic seasons back in Milwaukee with the Brewers, then embarked on a new career as an executive with the Atlanta Braves. He was for a long time the highest-ranking black in baseball. In this position, Aaron has become an unofficial spokesman in racial matters pertaining to the national pastime.Because of the depth and pertinence of Aaron's dramatic experiences, I Had A Hammer is more than a baseball autobiography. Henry Aaron's candor and insights have produced a revealing book about his extraordinary life and time.
      Down and Dirty
From New York Times bestseller Kendall Ryan comes a delicious new standalone romance featuring an accidental Vegas wedding and a totally perfect alpha hero.  Remember that time you accidentally woke up in Vegas married to your hot younger guy friend? That's asically my life right now.  Mistakes were made, okay? He's too young for me. Twenty-three to my thirty. And he's saving himself for the right girl.Yup. Apparently I've married the last alpha-male virgin on the planet. And my stubborn, oddly traditional, new husband doesn t want a divorce.He wants me.  Complicated doesn't even begin to cover it. Down and Dirty is a sexy romp with a hero you'll melt for and a relatable, sassy heroine you'll love. If you re a fan of steamy romances with laugh out loud moments, grab yourself a copy– you won t regret it!
      Fourth and Goal
In a game played on and off the field, only one of them will emerge the winner.Armed with an uncanny ability for evaluating football talent, a dogged determination to succeed in a man's orld, and an empty bank account, Rachel McCormick agrees to help struggling wide receiver Derek Ramsey get his game back. Rachel believes Derek, her former best friend and lover, knows the truth behind the points-shaving scandal which ruined her father. She vows to expose the secret even if it destroys Derek in the process.When Derek's oach suggests sex as an excellent tension reliever the night before a game, Rachel takes one for the team. The next day, Derek has the best performance of his not-so illustrious pro football career. As Derek and Rachel rack up nights in bed and other places, the team racks up wins on the field. Rachel is torn between her loyalty to her father and her growing affection for Derek.Now it's ourth and goal, one second left on the clock. Their hearts are on the line. Do they trust each other enough to go for the long bomb or do they get dropped for a loss? Publisher's Note: This book contains explicit sexual content and graphic language.
      The Younger Man
Starting over was her only option.Forty-years old and still reeling from a public and painful divorce, Thalia Blackwood is looking for a fresh start, somewhere far away from her upside down life. When she's ffered a new job as the sports therapist for a football (soccer) team, she jumps at the chance. This is just what she needs to leave the heartbreak and shame of Manchester behind, trading it in for the warmth and hopeful vibrancy of Madrid. He was her only desire.Alejo Albarado is rising up the ranks in his career. As the charming forward for the Real Madrid team, Alejo's ife revolves around women, parties, and being a tabloid darling, that is until the new sports therapist joins the team.Their passion could not be ignored.What starts out as a strictly professional relationship between Thalia and the young Spanish player, slowly evolves into something more. Much more.Their relationship was forbidden.But their combustible chemistry and simmering sexual tension can only go so far—should Thalia give into Alejo's dvances, she's t risk of not only losing her job, but succumbing to a younger man will drag her through the spotlight again.Alejo might be worth that risk.Unless he breaks her heart in the process.**This is a complete standalone book, previously titled The Younger Man. While this book is a standalone, characters from the book Love, in English do make an appearance.**
      Dump and Chase
Shelli Adler has known what she wanted since she was eleven years old.Aiden Brooks.But Aiden has always had other ideas. After spending the early years of his life without his dad, hockey legend Lucas Brooks, Aiden is determined not to settle for anything less than true love. When he's eady. Now he's iving the fast life of an NHL bachelor. He won t give his heart to any one girl, but they can have his body—all night long.The party to celebrate the start of the second half of the season was supposed to be no different from any other night. And when a stunning stranger approaches him, he can t seem to keep his hands off her.The next morning, she's one, and he's een traded to his dad's ormer team, the Nashville Assassins. All of his professional dreams are coming true, but he can t shake the memory of the girl from that last party. He wants to see her again. Though, after moving across the country—and without knowing her name—that dream seems like a puck destined to miss the net.For Shelli, her night with Aiden was everything she d ever imagined it could be, and she's ure it is all about to change for them. But for that to happen…he would have to know who she was.The Dump was only the beginning. The Chase is worth waiting a lifetime for.
      Tacker
I am not okay.Fifteen months ago, my life was turned upside down when the plane I was piloting went down. Injured and trapped in the wreckage, I had to watch my fiancée die a painfully slow death, which is something that can really mess with your head. Since that day, I ve had little desire to do much of anything. Except play hockey, that is. Because that is the one place where the bad memories are banished and I can escape my pain.But off the ice, I m spiraling out of control. Losing the grip on my life and putting myself and my career in danger. Now, thanks to a string of bad decisions, I ve been ordered to complete therapy in order to stay on the team.The problem? Nora Wayne, my beautiful and somewhat unconventional therapist. I can t buy into the brand of happy clappy crap this woman is feeding me. What could she possibly understand about the type of loss that I ve suffered? How does she know anything about finding happiness after losing the most important person in your life?Turns out, I ve got a lot to learn, and she's ust the person I need to break through those walls I ve erected. I am not okay.But for the first time in a long time, I know that I will be.
      Anatomy of a Player
This bad boy is about to get played…After getting her heart broken by a player again, Whitney Porter is done with men. She's focusing on her future career and her first assignment at the college newspaper: Posing as a sports writer for an exposé on the extra perks jocks receive. But Hudson Decker, the bad boy of the hockey team, is about to test her resolve. To keep herself from breaking her no-sex rule with the temptingly tattooed athlete, she decides to use him for a side project: Anatomy of a Player, to help Whitney—and women everywhere—spot a player, learn what makes him tick, and how to avoid falling for one.With his life spiraling out of control, Hudson Decker's looking for a distraction. When his teammates bet him that he can't land the gorgeous but prickly new reporter, he accepts the challenge, boasting he'll have her in bed by the end of the semester. But Whitney is so much more than Hudson expected, and soon enough, he's in too deep. The last thing he needs is another complication, but staying away isn't an option. One thing's for certain: this girl totally throws him off his game.
      Checking It Twice
Mike & Alexei are back, and they re hotter than ever.  After four years with Alexei, there are a few things Mike knows with absolute certainty: he loves Alexei, Alexei loves him, and Alexei gives the very best gifts. This Christmas is no exception, though Mike is having a hell of a time figuring out what, exactly, Alexei's ift is.  Alexei knows his gift this year is going to blow Mike's ind, but in the meantime, it's retty hilarious watching Mike try to figure out what it is. Granted, Alexei does have a lot of surprises in store for Mike this week, and it sure as hell isn t frankincense and myrrh.
      The Big Miss: My Years Coaching Tiger Woods
The Big Miss is Hank Haney's andid and surprisingly insightful account of his tumultuous six-year journey with Tiger Woods, during which the supremely gifted golfer collected six major championships and rewrote golf history. Hank was one of the very few people allowed behind the curtain. He was with Tiger 110 days a year, spoke to him over 200 days a year, and stayed at his home up to 30 days a year, observing him in nearly every circumstance: at tournaments, on the practice range, over meals, with his wife, Elin, and relaxing with friends.   The relationship between the two men began in March 2004 when Hank received a call from Tiger in which the golf champion asked him to be his coach. It was a call that would change both men's ives.   Tiger—only 28 at the time—was by then already an icon, judged by the sporting press as not only one of the best golfers ever, but possibly the best athlete ever. Already he was among the world's ighest paid celebrities. There was an air of mystery surrounding him, an aura of invincibility. Unique among athletes, Tiger seemed to be able to shrug off any level of pressure and find a way to win.    But Tiger was always looking to improve, and he wanted Hank's elp.   What Hank soon came to appreciate was that Tiger was one of the most complicated individuals he d ever met, let alone coached. Although Hank had worked with hundreds of elite golfers and was not easily impressed, there were days watching Tiger on the range when Hank couldn t believe what he was witnessing. On those days, it was impossible to imagine another human playing golf so perfectly.   And yet Tiger is human—and Hank's xpert eye was adept at spotting where Tiger's erfection ended and an opportunity for improvement existed. Always haunting Tiger was his fear of the big miss —the wildly inaccurate golf shot that can ruin an otherwise solid round—and it was because that type of blunder was sometimes part of Tiger's ame that Hank carefully redesigned his swing mechanics.   Hank's ost formidable coaching challenge, though, would be solving the riddle of Tiger's ersonality. Wary of the emotional distractions that might diminish his game and put him further from his goals, Tiger had developed a variety of tactics to keep people from getting too close, and not even Hank—or Tiger's amily and friends, for that matter—was spared the treatment.     Toward the end of Tiger and Hank's ime together, the champion's aser-like focus began to blur and he became less willing to put in punishing hours practicing—a disappointment to Hank, who saw in Tiger's ehavior signs that his pupil had developed a conflicted relationship with the game. Hints that Tiger hungered to reinvent himself were present in his bizarre infatuation with elite military training, and—in a development Hank didn t see coming—in the scandal that would make headlines in late 2009. It all added up to a big miss that Hank, try as he might, couldn t save Tiger from.   There's ever been a book about Tiger Woods that is as intimate and revealing—or one so wise about what it takes to coach a superstar athlete.
      Out at Home
When green reporter Taylor Lockwood finally gets a real story, her excitement is short-lived. She's supposed to interview Brady Nolan, a local boy who made it to the big leagues. Unfortunately for Taylor, she has a history with Brady.Brady had been the big man on campus back at high school - leaving a trail of broken hearts behind him. But he'd seemed different with Taylor - more attentive and loving. They'd managed to stay together most of the school year - even attending Senior Prom. But all of that ended the day after Prom when her best friend informed her that she had been part of a bet that Brady had made with his friend, Jason.It took Taylor years to get over it - but she'd managed. Now, however, Brady Nolan is thrust back into her life, and although she's determined to put him and the entire high school incident behind her - he's determined to never let her go again.
      The Boyfriend League
From the author of Labor of Love and The Boyfriend Project comes another beach-perfect novel of fun, friendship, and the boys of summer, great for fans of Stephanie Perkins, Lauren Barnholdt and Susane Colasanti.Dani's  tomboy, totally useless when it comes to romance. But this summer she and her best friend have a foolproof plan to change all that. Both of their families will be hosting summer league baseball players—a whole league of potential boyfriends!
      The National Team: The Inside Story of the Women who Changed Soccer
The U.S. Women's ational Soccer Team has won three World Cups and four Olympic gold medals, set record TV ratings, drawn massive crowds, earned huge revenues for FIFA and U.S. Soccer, and helped to redefine the place of women in sports. But despite their dominance, and their rosters of superstar players, they ve endured striking inequality: low pay, poor playing conditions, and limited opportunities to play in professional leagues.The National Team, from leading soccer journalist Caitlin Murray, tells the history of the USWNT in full, from their formation in the 1980s to the run-up to the 2019 World Cup, chronicling both their athletic triumphs and less visible challenges off the pitch. Murray also recounts the rise and fall of U.S. professional leagues, including the burgeoning National Women's occer League, an essential part of the women's ame.Through nearly 100 exclusive interviews with players, coaches, and team officials, including Alex Morgan, Carli Lloyd, Hope Solo, Heather O Reilly, Julie Foudy, Brandi Chastain, Pia Sundhage, Tom Sermanni, and Sunil Gulati, Murray takes readers inside the locker rooms and board rooms in engrossing detail. A story of endurance and determination, The National Team is a complete portrait of this beloved and important team.
      Hate the Game
Talon Gold is a lot of things: good at football, bad at love. Obsessed with scoring, refuses to play by the rules. Cruel. Relentless. Brilliant. Intoxicatingly attractive.  Despite his demanding reputation and propensity for being the most arrogant a-hole ever to strut Pacific Valley University's icturesque campus, everyone wants a piece of him: coaches, scouts, and pretty little fangirls with pouty lips and perfect top knots.  But Talon … he only wants a piece of me.  And four straight years of infuriating rejection means I m almost positive he d take a night with me over a national championship trophy.  But I m no fool—he only wants me because he can t have me. And with graduation approaching, time is running out. He's ore desperate than ever, pulling out all the stops and doing everything in his power to get in my good graces.  They say, Don t hate the player, hate the game.   But to that I say, Why not both?   I have my reasons ...  Sorry, BMOC. This victory? Not going to happen.
      Axel
The NHL's een at my door since I was 18. But I d never leave the Swedish Hockey League— Not while raising my little brother. But now he's rown and the Carolina Reapers show up with my greatest weakness: Langley Pierce, their new head of PR.  I ve never been able to say no to her. She's ierce, independent, and the sexiest woman I ve ever met. She also has a stubborn streak wider than my entire country.  One comment from her smart mouth about never dating again, and I propose.  No, really, I actually propose: A six-month marriage contract in exchange for signing with the Reapers. I want to date this woman so badly that I m going to marry her first. I ll use each day to show her how a queen should be treated.  Our wedding day started a countdown I m powerless to stop, And the faster the months fly, the harder I fall. She's worn she ll never choose a man over her career, And I promised never to ask her to. Until I m forced to.  How can we move forward when we started this whole thing backwards? If I can t convince her this marriage is anything but fake— The next document we sign will crush us both.   Welcome to the Carolina Reapers, Samantha Whiskey's ewest hockey series where the chill of the ice meets sultry southern nights. 
      One Baby Daddy
What are you doing now that your team is out of the running for the Stanley Cup?Forget.I need to forget. I need an escape.Only one person isn't falling for my reputation as the NHL's Golden Boy; she captured my attention the minute she called me out for snooping through my best friend's house. She didn't want to hear my reason--she only wanted to playfully give me a hard time.Adalyn is bold, sassy--and the perfect escape.She's everywhere. In town and in my dreams, and suddenly I need to spend every waking moment with her.And I do, making this summer the best off-season I've ever had.But in the midst of getting lost in Adalyn, what I don't expect is to get her pregnant. And what I definitely don't expect is having to fight for her affection.
      Third Base
Ethan Davenport is already Boston's ost eligible bachelor. In his second season with the Boston Renegades he has set his eyes on the girl behind the visitors  dugout.That girl is Daisy Robinson, a journalism student at the University of Boston and a die-hard Renegades fan.But with new found love comes challenges and Ethan and Daisy have to deal with his crazy schedule, school finals and his presence on her campus for some much needed media training. For Ethan nothing can come between him and Daisy, until a secret that she's een keeping threatens to destroy them both.
      Andre the Giant: Life and Legend
Andre Roussimoff is known as both the lovable giant in The Princess Bride and a heroic pro-wrestling figure. He was a normal guy who'd been dealt an extraordinary hand in life. At his peak, he weighed 500 pounds and stood nearly seven and a half feet tall. But the huge stature that made his fame also signed his death warrant.Box Brown brings his great talents as a cartoonist and biographer to this phenomenal new graphic novel. Drawing from historical records about Andre's life as well as a wealth of anecdotes from his colleagues in the wrestling world, including Hulk Hogan, and his film co-stars (Billy Crystal, Robin Wright, Mandy Patinkin, etc), Brown has created in Andre the Giant, the first substantive biography of one of the twentieth century's most recognizable figures.
      Rush
This new adult, male/male romance will capture the audience who fell in love with Nyrae Dawn's Games Trilogy.For the love of the game.Brandon Chase has always defined himself by one thing: football. Tough and athletic, he is a great college player who enjoys the hard hits and the sweaty grind of the gridiron. But when Brandon is injured, only one person can help him get back on track-a forbidden love he's desperately tried to put behind him. Alec Andrews has never quite forgiven Brandon for walking away when their friendship turned into something more. But he can't deny help to one of his closest friends. As the two spend the long, hot summer working together, their old attraction comes flooding back.Now as Alec thinks about coming out to his conservative family and Brandon considers revealing he's a gay football player, the two men must be strong to fight for a love that could be the greatest rush of their lives. Approx. 70,000 words.
      Making Faces
Ambrose Young was beautiful. He was tall and muscular, with hair that touched his shoulders and eyes that burned right through you. The kind of beautiful that graced the covers of romance novels, and Fern Taylor would know. She'd been reading them since she was thirteen. But maybe because he was so beautiful he was never someone Fern thought she could have . . . until he wasn't beautiful anymore. Making Faces is the story of a small town where five young men go off to war, and only one comes back. It is the story of loss. Collective loss, individual loss, loss of beauty, loss of life, loss of identity. It is the tale of one girl's love for a broken boy and a wounded warrior's love for an unremarkable girl. This is a story of friendship that overcomes heartache, heroism that defies the common definitions, and a modern tale of Beauty and the Beast, where we discover that there is a little beauty and a little beast in all of us.
      One Last Strike
The team that refused to give up their manager in his final season A comeback that changed baseballAfter thirty-three seasons managing in Major League Baseball, Tony La Russa thought he had seen it all—that is, until the 2011 Cardinals. Down ten and a half games with little more than a month to play, the Cardinals had long been ruled out as serious postseason contenders. Yet in the face of those steep odds, this team mounted one of the most dramatic and impressive comebacks in baseball history, making the playoffs on the night of the final game of the season and going on to win the World Series despite being down to their last strike—twice.Now La Russa gives the inside story behind this astonishing comeback and his remarkable career, explaining how a team with so much against it was able to succeed on baseball's biggest stage. Opening up about the devastating injuries, the bullpen struggles, the crucial games, and the players who made it all possible, he reveals how the team's character shaped its accomplishments, demonstrating how this group came together in good times and in bad to become that rarest of things: a team that actually enjoyed it when the odds were against them.But this story is much more than that of a single season. As La Russa, the third-winningest manager in baseball history, explains, their season was the culmination of a lifetime spent studying the game. Laying bare his often scrutinized and frequently misunderstood approach to managing, he explains his counterintuitive belief in process over result, present moments over statistics, and team unity over individual talent. Along the way he shares the stories from throughout his career that shaped his outlook—from his first days managing the Chicago White Sox to his championship years with the Oakland A's, to his triumphant tenure as St. Louis's longest-serving manager. Setting the record straight on his famously intense style, he explores the vital yet overlooked role that his personal relationships with his players have contributed to his victories, ultimately showing how, in a sport often governed by cold, hard numbers, the secret to his success has been surprisingly human.Speaking candidly about his decision to retire, La Russa discusses the changes that he'd observed both in the game and in himself that told him, despite his success, it was time to hang up his spikes. The end result is a passionate, insightful, and remarkable look at our national pastime that takes you behind the scenes of the comeback that no one thought possible and inside the mind of one of the game's greatest managers.
      One Man Advantage
After her ex trashes her reputation in front of the media and it quickly goes viral, Nicole vows she'll never get involved with another hockey player. Too bad her job with the Minneapolis Caribou puts her in contact with sexy hockey players on a daily basis, including the newly traded center, Logan Heller. Logan's pretty sure Nicole is the perfect woman for him and he's determined to have her-in and out of bed. Nicole is equally determined to never date another hockey player. But Logan has a one-man advantage...he knows what she really wants.
      Time Out
Sign up for recreational adult programs now!Class: How to Drive Him CrazyInstructional program for women unexpectedly facing the totally dishy guy from their past. Everyone welcome!NHL coach Mark Diego's plan to spend his off-season volunteering in his hometown goes awry when he learns that not only is he coaching teenage girls, but that the program is coordinated by energetic (and five feet two inches of trouble) coordinator Rainey Saunders, his childhood friend—and the woman he could never stand to see dating any other guy….When their tempers flare, Mark and Rainey discover their fireworks don't just burn angry—they burn very, very hot! But that'll just sweeten the victory. Because Mark always plays to win. And with Rainey, he's planning on playing very dirty, too…
      Hoops
All eyes are on seventeen-year-old Lonnie Jackson while he practices with his team for a city-wide basketball Tournament of Champions. His coach, Cal, knows Lonnie has what it takes to be a pro-basketball player, but warns him about giving in to the pressure. Cal knows because he, too, once had the chance--but sold out.As the Tournament nears, Lonnie learns that some heavy bettors want Cal to keep him on the bench so that the team will lose the championship. As the last seconds of the game tick away Lonnie and Cal must make a decision. Are they willing to blow the chance of a lifetime?
      Hitman: My Real Life in the Cartoon World of Wrestling
In his own words, Bret Hart's onest, perceptive, startling account of his life in and out of the pro wrestling ring.The sixth-born son of the pro wrestling dynasty founded by Stu Hart and his elegant wife, Helen, Bret Hart is a Canadian icon. As a teenager, he could have been an amateur wrestling Olympic contender, but instead he turned to the family business, climbing into the ring for his dad's estern circuit, Stampede Wrestling. From his early twenties until he retired at 43, Hart kept an audio diary, recording stories of the wrestling life, the relentless travel, the practical jokes, the sex and drugs, and the real rivalries (as opposed to the staged ones). The result is an intimate, no-holds-barred account that will keep readers, not just wrestling fans, riveted.Hart achieved superstardom in pink tights, and won multiple wrestling belts in multiple territories, for both the WWF (now the WWE) and WCW. But he also paid the price in betrayals (most famously by Vince McMahon, a man he had served loyally); in tragic deaths, including the loss of his brother Owen, who died when a stunt went terribly wrong; and in his own massive stroke, most likely resulting from a concussion he received in the ring, and from which, with the spirit of a true champion, he has battled back.Widely considered by his peers as one of the business's est technicians and workers, Hart describes pro wrestling as part dancing, part acting, and part dangerous physical pursuit. He is proud that in all his years in the ring he never seriously hurt a single wrestler, yet did his utmost to deliver to his fans an experience as credible as it was exciting. He also records the incredible toll the business takes on its workhorses: he estimates that twenty or more of the wrestlers he was regularly matched with have died young, weakened by their own coping mechanisms, namely drugs, alcohol, and steroids. That toll included his own brother-in-law, Davey Boy Smith. No one has ever written about wrestling like Bret Hart. No one has ever lived a life like Bret Hart s.For as long as I can remember, my world was filled with liars and bullshitters, losers and pretenders, but I also saw the good side of pro wrestling. To me there is something bordering on beautiful about a brotherhood of big tough men who pretended to hurt one another for a living instead of actually doing it. Any idiot can hurt someone.—from Hitman
      Ball Don't Lie
Sticky is a beat-around-the-head foster kid with nowhere to call home but the street, and an outer shell so tough that no one will take him in. He started out life so far behind the pack that the finish line seems nearly unreachable. He's  white boy living and playing in a world where he doesn t seem to belong.But Sticky can ball. And basketball might just be his ticket out . . . if he can only realize that he doesn t have to be the person everyone else expects him to be.
      Heartache and Hope
Ava Diaz needs saving.She just doesn t know it yet.Just like she doesn t know a thing about the boy she sits next to on the first day of senior year.He thinks she's  brat.She thinks he's ntitled.Maybe first impressions don t always last… Because Connor Ledger's bout to save her.He just doesn t know why.
      Out in the End Zone
Evan di Angelo is an upbeat, good-natured goofball who loves his friends and family… and football. A traumatic accident may have ended his hopes of playing professionally, but he's ade the most of his four years on the field at a small Southern California college. He's earned the hard way to embrace change, take chances and try things outside of his comfort zone...like agreeing to play fake boyfriends for someone else's enior project. Mitch Peterson knows that being his authentic self is the path to true happiness. He's rown from a shy, quiet kid from a broken home to an out and proud budding internet sensation bound for grad school. An awesome senior project is the key. It's nlikely anyone will believe the hunky, straight athlete is Mitch's ew lover, but it's orth a shot. However, as their tentative friendship blossoms into unexpected attraction, the lines between reality and fiction blur for both men. Evan is forced to face old demons and decide if he has the courage to take the next step and come out in the end zone.Listening Length: 4 hours and 58 minutes
      Binding 13
 His first, last, and only true love has always been rugby.Until now.He wants to save her.She wants to hide.She's damaged.He's determined.Fate brought them together.Love binds them.Johnny Kavanagh has everything going for him. On the rugby pitch, he's a force to be reckoned with. Primed for stardom, he's heading straight for the top. Nothing can possibly get in his way, right?Not even the shy new girl at Tommen College. The one with the sad eyes and hidden bruises. The one that distracts him like no one ever has.Plagued with a hidden injury and desperate to impress the scouts watching his every move, Johnny has been placed on a pedestal so high, he has no room to make mistakes.Striving to maintain balance, and on the crest of the International Summer Campaign, Johnny needs to keep his head in the game. He needs to stay focused, and cannot afford to let distractions get in the way of the bigger picture.But what happens when a lonely girl with sad eyes becomes the only picture?Life has never been easy for Shannon Lynch. Bullied and tortured, she arrives at Tommen College mid-way through the school year praying for a fresh start and desperate to shake off the demons that plague her.On her very first day at the prestigious private school, she comes into contact with the notorious Johnny Kavanagh.Thrown through a hoop over her feelings for him, and desperate to keep a low-profile, Shannon finds herself once again the target of bullies as she forms a fragile alliance with rugby's rising star.Falling into a complicated friendship and grappling with their undeniable chemistry, Johnny and Shannon must face obstacles that threaten their relationship.Two teenagers from opposite sides of the tracks collide.Friendship, first love, rising fame, horrifying secrets, and pain all fuel together in Binding 13.Hearts are binding and lives are entwining in Binding 13.Binding 13 is the explosive first installment of a brand-new series from Chloe Walsh. Based in Ireland, the Boys Of Tommen series is bound to captivate and lure you into the world of rugby, love, and teenage heartbreak.
      Surrender
One night of complete surrender is all it takes.  Gareth Harris is Manchester United's eclusive star defender. He has control over all aspects of his life. But a lifetime of supporting his siblings and filling in for an emotionally absent father has taken its toll.  Sloan Montgomery is a clothing stylist whose world was turned upside down when she found herself pregnant and moving to Manchester with a man who was never supposed to be her forever. Now recently divorced and struggling with shared custody of her daughter, control is a fleeting concept for this American living in England.  Both Gareth and Sloan are in need of a release.  A moment in time where they can forget about their pasts and family pressures...and just...  ...surrender.  No one could predict what happens when both of their defences are down.  Surrender is part one of the Final Harris Brother Duet and concludes with Dominate. This duet reads great on it's own, but to maximize enjoyment, check out the first three brothers  books in Challenge, Endurance, and Keeper
      Rushing In
A sexy, standalone sports romance from NYT bestseller Lexi Ryan The favor seemed simple: Keep my new stepsister out of trouble for one summer. I ve never met Grace Lee, but Mom tells me she's  quiet and artsy college student with a troubled past. When I agreed to let her stay with me, I thought it was no big deal. I expected to share my apartment with a sullen girl who d spend hours locked in her room.  I didn t expect a walking fantasy determined to make me lose my cool.  I didn t expect a woman with secrets so dark, so deep, I d throw away everything if it would save her from the past.  Rushing in to do this favor is turning my life upside down—and not just because Grace needs her ass spanked. Keep her out of trouble? Grace is the trouble. And I want in.  RUSHING IN is a standalone novel in The Blackhawk Boys series. It contains heavy subject matter and is intended for mature readers.  Football. Secrets. Lies. Passion. These boys don t play fair. Which Blackhawk Boy will steal your heart?  Book 1 - SPINNING OUT (Arrow's story)  Book 2 - RUSHING IN (Christopher's story)  Book 3 - GOING UNDER (Sebastian's story - coming late 2016) More Blackhawk Boys titles to be announced in 2017!
      Gunslinger: The Remarkable, Improbable, Iconic Life of Brett Favre
From a New York Times best-selling author, the full, definitive biography of Brett FavreA towering figure on the field for two decades who breezed into the Hall of Fame, Brett Favre was one of the game's ast cowboys, a fastball-throwing, tobacco-chewing gunslinger who refused to give up without a fight. This peerless quarterback guided the Green Bay Packers to two Super Bowls and one championship win, shattering countless Nfl records along the way.Gunslinger tells Brett Favre's tory for the first time, drawing on more than five hundred interviews, including many from the people closest to Favre. Jeff Pearlman charts an unparalleled journey from his rough rural childhood and lackluster high school football career to landing the last scholarship at Southern Mississippi to a car accident that nearly took his life. Favre clawed back, getting drafted into the Nfl by the Atlanta Falcons, then finding his way to Green Bay, where he restored the Packers to greatness and inspired a fan base as passionate as any in the game. Yet he struggled with demons: addiction, infidelity, the loss of his father, and a fraught, painfully prolonged exit from the game he loved, a game he couldn t bear to leave.Grand, gritty, and revelatory, Gunslinger is a big sports biography of the highest order, a fascinating portrait of the man with the rocket arm whose life has been one of triumph, of fame, of tragedy, of embarrassment, and—ultimately—of redemption.
      Game On
Rule of reporting 101-- don't bang your subject.Sophie Hall has just gotten the opportunity of a lifetime--to profile Nathan Ryder, the hottest baseball player since A-Rod, for her first solo assignment as a reporter. Rumor has it Nathan is going to be drafted to the Major league, and yet he still fits an intense training regime around volunteering at a animal shelter. He's a prodigy with a heart of gold, as American as apple pie and has an ass that deserves a trophy all its own. He may be the country's heartthrob, but Sophie isn't going to fall for that. She just has to remain objective and cover the story. But she didn't bet on Nathan's gorgeous green eyes or the way his arms flex with muscle when he's holding a bat. And she certainly didn't think he'd be witty and smart and caring. Nathan is completely untouchable, but she can't help it if those lingering gazes turn into something more. How could she not fall at the thought of the hottest guy she's ever met devoting his limited free time to saving kittens?When Sophie's scoop turns into Nathan's scandal, Nathan needs her more than ever. With both of their careers on the line will they strike out - or hit a home run?
      Don't Throw It to Mo!
Winner of the 2016 Theodor Seuss Geisel AwardMo Jackson is a little boy with a big passion for sports. He may not be the biggest, the strongest, or the fastest player, but he won't let that stop him from playing!Mo is the youngest kid on the Robins, his football team. His classmates don t mind, but the kids on their rival team tease him for being a butterfingers who's too tiny to catch the ball. But Mo's coach has a plan to turn Mo's little size into a big win for the Robins!
      Relentless: From Good to Great to Unstoppable
For more than two decades, legendary trainer Tim Grover has taken the greats—Michael Jordan, Kobe Bryant, Dwyane Wade, and dozens more—and made them greater. Now, for the first time in paperback, he reveals what it takes to get those results, showing you how to be relentless and achieve whatever you desire.Fore more than two decades, legendary trainer Tim Grover has taken the greats—Michael Jordan, Kobe Bryant, Dwayne Wade, and dozens more—and made them greater. Now, for the first time ever, he reveals what it takes to get those results, showing you how to be relentless and achieve whatever you desire.Direct, blunt, and brutally honest, Grover breaks down what it takes to be unstoppable: you keep going when everyone else is giving up, you thrive under pressure, you never let your emotions make you weak. In The Relentless 13,  he details the essential traits shared by the most intense competitors and achievers in sports, business, and all walks of life. Relentless shows you how to trust your instincts and get in the Zone; how to control and adapt to any situation; how to find your opponent's eakness and attack. Grover gives you the same advice he gives his world-class clients—don t think —and shows you that anything is possible. Packed with previously untold stories and unparalleled insight into the psyches of the most successful and accomplished athletes of our time, Relentless shows you how even the best get better . . . and how you can too.
      The Right Words
Escaping an abusive relationship left Luke Preston anxious and spouting panic-induced poetry. Desperate for a fresh start, Luke accepts a job remodeling a tired old beach house for a professional soccer player and his model girlfriend. While his passion is literature, not sports, focusing on the renovations eases his anxiety. Until the job he signed up for turns out to be more complicated than advertised.Sidelined with a serious injury, soccer star Michael Martinez decides his beach house is the perfect place to recuperate. Remodeling might be the diversion he needs to keep his mind off his busted knee. Falling for the pretty designer with some quirky habits wasn t on the drawing board. Unfortunately, Luke didn t build a big enough closet for Michael to hide in. Having a star-powered sports career used to be all Michael lived for, but he ll have to reevaluate his plans and find the right words if he wants to build more than a beach house with Luke.
      Mr. Hockey: My Story
The definitive autobiography from hockey's reatest living legend—Mr. Hockey  himself, Gordie Howe.  Big, skilled, tough on the ice, and nearly indestructible, Howe dominated both the sport and the record books like no one has before or since. Over an incredible six decades, the Hall of Famer had so many accomplishments that he set the record for the most records by any athlete ever in any sport. He also achieved the remarkable feat of playing for six years with his own two sons, Mark and Marty. But Howe did not inspire generations of hockey players simply by rewriting the record books. When people talk about him, it's he man they revere even more than the player. Despite his ferocity on the ice, Howe's ame has long been a byword for decency and generosity. A family man, a man of his word, a lifelong ambassador for the game, he is a true icon, and now he takes us through it all, from his Depression-era childhood and early obstacles through the ups and downs of his spectacular career, to his enduring marriage and close relationship with his children, to his thoughts on the game of hockey today. There has never been a comprehensive account of Howe's ife from the man himself. Now is the time.
      Grand Slam
All of his life, Spencer Hightower dreamed of playing baseball in the Major Leagues. He survived growing up gay in rural Alabama due to his impressive skill on the baseball diamond. Now living in Rhode Island and playing for the AAA Pawtucket Red Sox, he's nly a few steps away from his goal.Brock Kinkaid, CPA, faced each day with a smile that hid his deepest desire. He wanted to be a father. Unfortunately, the gay men he knew were not into the daddy scene. Resigned to being childless, he lavished his attention on his niece and nephew. When Corey won tickets to see the local baseball team in action, they suckered him into taking them despite the fact he loathed the game. Who would have guessed one homerun ball would change everything?
      A Game Worth Watching
All her life, people have told 17-year-old tomboy Emma Wrangton that she's ot good enough, smart enough, or strong enough to succeed in life. Somewhere along the way, she started to believe them. Without the promise of a respectable future after graduation, all Emma wants is to cherish her senior year by playing basketball with the guys and spending as much time as possible with her best friend before he heads off to some fancy university, leaving her behind. But when the high school basketball coach recruits her to join the team—the girls  team—Emma discovers life is anything but a slam dunk. How is she supposed to know how to be one of the girls when all she's ver been is one of the guys?
      The Stillburrow Crush
Sixteen year old, Carrie Paxton, isn't the most popular girl in her small town of Stillburrow. But that's never concerned her before. Her life revolves around her writing, and she loves her job as the student editor of the school paper.But when she gets assigned to interview the football team's beloved quarterback, she takes one look into Luke Carter's blue eyes and is a goner. Suddenly, she doesn't like her lowly rank so much. Then her dreamy, popular crush surprises her when he starts to act as if he likes her in return. But there's no way Luke Carter could possibly ever like a nobody like Carrie Paxton. Is there?
      One on One: Behind the Scenes with the Greats in the Game
John Feinstein's illuminating recollections from two decades of interviews with sports legends. John Feinstein's career is a sports fan's dream-a lifetime of encounters with the great figures in sports, not just on the field, but in the locker room and behind the scenes with legends like Bob Knight, Dean Smith, Mike Krzyzewski, Jack Nicklaus, Tiger Woods, and John McEnroe.  Since his days as a young Washington Post journalist, Feinstein has written twenty-eight books and countless magazine articles and newspaper columns, covering college basketball, golf, tennis, baseball, and very nearly every sport in between. He has told us of victory and defeat, of athletes and coaches we love -- and love to hate. But some of his best stories have been left untold, until now.  One on One is an incredible portal into the sports we love-from the box scores and the pageantry of game night and into the hard work and intensity that turn players and coaches into legends.
      Steinbrenner: The Last Lion of Baseball
If you love the New York Yankees, arguably the most storied franchise in all of sports—or even if you re just a fan of baseball history, or big business bios—this biography of the larger-than-life team owner for the past four decades is a must for your bookshelf. For more than 30 years Bill Madden has covered the Yankees and Major League Baseball for the New York Daily News, and he brings all his insights and inside connections to Steinbrenner: the definitive biography of one of New York's ost intriguing and long-standing sports figures, Yankees owner George Steinbrenner.
      Only the Ball Was White: A History of Legendary Black Players and All-Black Professional Teams
Early in the 1920s, the New York Giants sent a scout to watch a young Cuban play for Foster's American Giants, a baseball club in the Negro Leagues. During one at-bat this talented slugger lined a ball so hard that the rightfielder was able to play it off the top of the fence and throw Christobel Torrienti out at first base. The scout liked what he saw, but was disappointed in the player's appearance. He was a light brown, recalled one of Torrienti's teammates, and would have gone up to the major leagues, but he had real rough hair. Such was life behind the color line, the unofficial boundary that prevented hundreds of star-quality athletes from playing big-league baseball. When Only the Ball Was White was first published in 1970, Satchel Paige had not yet been inducted into the Hall of Fame and there was a general ignorance even among sports enthusiasts of the rich tradition of the Negro Leagues. Few knew that during the 1930s and '40s outstanding black teams were playing regularly in Yankee Stadium and Brooklyn's Ebbets Field. And names like Cool Papa Bell, Rube Foster, Judy Johnson, Biz Mackey, and Buck Leonard would bring no flash of smiling recognition to the fan's face, even though many of these men could easily have played alongside Ty Cobb, Walter Johnson, Hack Wilson, Lou Gehrig--and shattered their records in the process. Many baseball pundits now believe, for example, that had Josh Gibson played in the major leagues, he would have surpassed Babe Ruth's 714 home runs before Hank Aaron had even hit his first. And the great Dizzy Dean acknowledged that the best pitcher he had ever seen was not Lefty Grove or Carl Hubbell, but rather old Satchel Paige, that big lanky colored boy. In Only the Ball Was White, Robert Peterson tells the forgotten story of these excluded ballplayers, and gives them the recognition they were so long denied. Reconstructing the old Negro Leagues from contemporary sports publications, accounts of games in the black press, and through interviews with the men who actually played the game, Peterson brings to life the fascinating period that stretched from shortly after the Civil War to the signing of Jackie Robinson in 1947. We watch as the New York Black Yankees and the Philadelphia Crawfords take the field, look on as the East-West All-Star lineups are announced, and listen as the players themselves tell of the struggle and glory that was black baseball. In addition to these vivid accounts, Peterson includes yearly Negro League standings and an all-time register of players and officials, making the book a treasure trove of baseball information and lore. A monumental and poignant book, Only the Ball Was White reminds us that what was often considered the Golden Age of baseball was also the era of Jim Crow. It is a book that must be read by anyone hoping not only to understand the story of baseball, but the story of America.
      Horizons
Twenty-three-year-old Clark Stevens, a popular wide receiver with a potential Nfl contract, has a few problems. He's got a jealous girlfriend, a narrow-minded and controlling father, an attention problem, and an unexpected and powerful attraction to the trauma doctor—the male trauma doctor—who treats him for a broken bone.Dr. Jody Williams is getting some really mixed signals. He can't ignore how much he wants Clark, because it's obvious Clark feels the same way. For the out and proud doctor, the solution seems very simple. For Clark, it's not! His world is not gay-friendly, and the obstacles he's faced have led him to deny his sexuality for years.It's the Super Bowl of disasters, no matter how you look at it. In the end, Clark has to decide if he's going to stick with the only life he's ever known or take a chance on a new one with Jody.
      Dirty Secret
In my defense, I didn t know she was his sister… A sexy hockey romance from USA TODAY bestselling author Mira Lyn Kelly This team hates me. Something about my chronic case of resting prick face and that thing with the captain when the season started. My fist, his jaw. Yeah, we go back and not in a good way.  Coach says no more confrontational BS  or I don t play at all. And that's  hit my career in the NHL can t take. So the plan is simple. Keep my head down and finish out my contract with my fists checked. There's ust one problem. Allie. The girl from Vancouver eight months ago. The one with the sexy, shy, and sinfully bold smile and the sweetest, wettest mouth I ever tasted. The girl who blew my mind and then blew out of my life without giving me her number. Turns out she's he captain's ittle sister. And even though my career depends on it... I can t stay away from her.
      Dear Jane
I broke her heart ten years ago and left town.She hates me, and rightly so. It doesn t matter that the rest of the country loves me, that I m a starting quarterback with a multimillion-dollar contract. Because when I look in the mirror, all I see is a failure who was too young—and too afraid—to fight for what I wanted.But I m not that guy anymore, and all I need is one shot to convince her.***He has no idea what happened after he left. And now I m supposed to work alongside him like we don t have this huge, messy history?But I m older now, wiser, and I won t let anything stand in my way of doing a good job for this league. Not even one overpaid, arrogant player who thinks we re going to kiss and make up.News flash, buddy: I am over you.
      Fence #7
Nicholas pushes himself to be recognised as Seiji's rival, but Seiji is indifferent… or so it seems.
      Natural Born Heroes: How a Daring Band of Misfits Mastered the Lost Secrets of Strength and Endurance
The best-selling author of Born to Run now travels to the Mediterranean, where he discovers that the secrets of ancient Greek heroes are still alive and well on the island of Crete, and ready to be unleashed in the muscles and minds of casual athletes and aspiring heroes everywhere.  After running an ultramarathon through the Copper Canyons of Mexico, Christopher McDougall finds his next great adventure on the razor-sharp mountains of Crete, where a band of Resistance fighters in World War II plotted the daring abduction of a German general from the heart of the Nazi occupation. How did a penniless artist, a young shepherd, and a playboy poet believe they could carry out such a remarkable feat of strength and endurance, smuggling the general past thousands of Nazi pursuers, with little more than their own wits and courage to guide them?  McDougall makes his way to the island to find the answer and retrace their steps, experiencing firsthand the extreme physical challenges the Resistance fighters and their local allies faced. On Crete, the birthplace of the classical Greek heroism that spawned the likes of Herakles and Odysseus, McDougall discovers the tools of the hero—natural movement, extraordinary endurance, and efficient nutrition. All of these skills, McDougall learns, are still practiced in far-flung pockets throughout the world today. More than a mystery of remarkable people and cunning schemes, Natural Born Heroes is a fascinating investigation into the lost art of the hero, taking us from the streets of London at midnight to the beaches of Brazil at dawn, from the mountains of Colorado to McDougall's wn backyard in Pennsylvania, all places where modern-day athletes are honing ancient skills so they re ready for anything.  Just as Born to Run inspired readers to get off the treadmill, out of their shoes, and into the natural world, Natural Born Heroes will inspire them to leave the gym and take their fitness routine to nature—to climb, swim, skip, throw, and jump their way to their own heroic feats.
      Dirty Player
Sexy as sin Oliver Powell, MVP tight end, is used to getting what he wants. He's cocky. He's filthy rich. He's also loaded with a sizeable package below the belt that drives women crazy.Plus, he's focused. The prize--a football championship ring on his finger.His concentration on getting that ring is unwavering--until Shannon Hale walks into his life. Now the only game he wants to win involves getting her into his bed. Shannon thought she had everything she wanted in life. One cheating fiancé and one shredded wedding dress later, she skips town desperately in need of a do-over. Now, she's inRaleigh, starting her own business and living life by her own rules.  She wants nothing to do with Nfl's resident playboy.But Oliver's determined both on and off the field.For him to win everything he wants, there's only solution.It's time to play dirty.
      Dust Bowl Girls: The Inspiring Story of the Team That Barnstormed Its Way to Basketball Glory
 A thrilling, cinematic story. I loved every minute I spent with these bold, daring women whose remarkable journey is the stuff of American legend. Karen Abbott, New York Times bestselling author of Liar, Temptress, Soldier, Spy The Boys in the Boat meets A League of Their Own in this true story of a Depression-era championship women's eam. In the early 1930s, during the worst drought and financial depression in American history, Sam Babb began to dream. Like so many others, this charismatic Midwestern basketball coach wanted a reason to have hope. Traveling from farm to farm near the tiny Oklahoma college where he coached, Babb recruited talented, hardworking young women and offered them a chance at a better life: a free college education in exchange for playing on his basketball team, the Cardinals.  Despite their fears of leaving home and the sacrifices that their families would face, the women joined the team. And as Babb coached the Cardinals, something extraordinary happened. These remarkable athletes found a passion for the game and a heartfelt loyalty to one another and their coach--and they began to win. Combining exhilarating sports writing and exceptional storytelling, Dust Bowl Girls takes readers on the Cardinals intense, improbable journey all the way to an epic showdown with the prevailing national champions, helmed by the legendary Babe Didrikson. Lydia Reeder captures a moment in history when female athletes faced intense scrutiny from influential figures in politics, education, and medicine who denounced women's ports as unhealthy and unladylike. At a time when a struggling nation was hungry for inspiration, this unlikely group of trailblazers achieved much more than a championship season.
      Shut Out
From the bestselling author of the Heller Brothers Hockey series comes the first novel of a new hockey romance series featuring a college team whose players are heating things up both on and off the ice.   The Bayard College hockey team isn t where Jacob flass thought he d be a season ago. He was a rising star in the Canadian major junior league, cruising toward a spot on an NHL roster—until a single disastrous night on the town brought it all crashing down. Now he's ut of options, except for playing well, studying hard, and staying away from girls. He's ot supposed to be flirting with the hottest, sweetest chick he's ver met. But how could he possibly stay away?   Skylar Lynwood knows that Jacob is out of her league. She's ust trying to go with the flow, which isn t easy when six feet and four inches of total hockey hunkiness is making a play for her one moment, then giving her the cold shoulder the next. Skylar's ead tells her that this rugged athlete isn t worth her time, but her body says something altogether different. Risking her heart for Jacob may be the craziest thing she's ver done . . . but she won t let him shut her out.  
      Double Up
Knowing he's oved can make any man fly.Fifteen years ago, Ben Warren was a wakeboarding champion: king of big air, ballsy tricks, and boned grabs. Until a career-ending injury left him broken in ways he still has no hope of fixing. Now he takes his thrills where he can get them, and tries not to let life hurt too much.Then Davis Fox arrives in Ben's porting goods store with a plan to get in touch with his estranged brother by competing in the annual wakeboarding double-up contest. The catch? He's ever ridden before. It's razy, but Ben's  sucker for the guy's ob story—and for his dimples, too—so he agrees to coach Davis.Davis is everything Ben isn t: successful, confident, and in love with life. And he wants Ben to love life—and him—too. But before Ben can embrace a future with Davis, he needs to remember how to hope.
      The Terrible and Wonderful Reasons Why I Run Long Distances
All runners wonder, at some point or another, why we do what we do. Mr. Inman's explanation is the best I've ever seen. And the funniest. Because he is clinically insane.-Mark Remy, editor at large, Runner's World, author of The Runner's Rule BookHe runs. He sweats. He heaves. He hates it. He loves it. He runs so hard his toenails fall off. He asks himself, why? Why do I do this? Here, gorgeously, bravely, hilariously, is Matt's deeply honest answer.-Robert Krulwich, NPRFinally! A voice that sings with the Blerches of angels!-Christopher McDougall, author of Born to RunThis is not just a book about running. It's a book about cupcakes. It's a book about suffering.It's a book about gluttony, vanity, bliss, electrical storms, ranch dressing, and Godzilla. It's a book about all the terrible and wonderful reasons we wake up each day and propel our bodies through rain, shine, heaven, and hell.From #1 New York Times best-selling author, Matthew Inman, AKA The Oatmeal, comes this hilarious, beautiful, poignant collection of comics and stories about running, eating, and one cartoonist's reasons for jogging across mountains until his toenails fall off.Containing over 70 pages of never-before-seen material, including A Lazy Cartoonist's Guide to Becoming a Runner and The Blerch's Guide to Dieting, this book also comes with Blerch race stickers.
      Pete Rose: An American Dilemma
Kennedy's book on the tarnished and enigmatic Rose is exceptional. Like the best writing about sport--Liebling, Angell--it qualifies as stirring literature. I'd read Kennedy no matter what he writes about. --Richard FordPete Rose played baseball with a singular and headfirst abandon that endeared him to fans and peers, even as it riled others--a figure at once magnetic, beloved and polarizing. Rose has more base hits than anyone in history, yet he is not in the Hall of Fame. Twenty-five years ago he was banished from baseball for gambling, then ruled ineligible for Cooperstown; today, the question Does Pete Rose belong in the Hall of Fame? has evolved into perhaps the most provocative in sports, a layered, slippery and ever-relevant moral conundrum.How do we evaluate the Hit King now, at a time when steroid cheats appear on the Hall of Fame ballot even as Rose is denied? What do we make of this happily unrepentant gambler, this shameless but beguiling showman whose postbaseball journey has led him to a curious reality show and to the streets of Cooperstown to hawk his signature, his story, himself?Best-selling author Kostya Kennedy delivers an evocative answer in his fascinating re-examination of Pete Rose's life; from his cocky and charismatic early years through his storied playing career to his bitter war against baseball's hierarchy to the man we find today--still incorrigible, still adored by many. Where has his improbable saga landed him in the redefined, post-steroid world? Do we feel any differently about Pete Rose today? Should we?
      Captive
Two years ago, Jason and Kate Ryker were brought together by grief and bound to one another by love. Now married, they re confronting their fears together. But heartbreak finds them again, and the ties that bind Kate and Ryke are tested as she struggles against fear and sadness. As a grief counselor, Kate understands all too well the pain of her clients. And while her husband's areer as an NHL forward is at an all-time high, he's oping with the frustration of feeling powerless as his wife's hopes slip away. Kate's nexpected journey sheds light on the fear that imprisons her, and reveals that only she can set herself free. **Warning** This book contains adult language and situations.
      Given the Circumstances
Two promising college athletes meet, each needing something only the other can give him… When Roger and Brian lock eyes on the first day of school, a friendship is born. Both men are hungry for connection – Brian needs the acceptance, encouragement and support he never had growing up, and when he finds out his new best friend is gay, it brings his own identity into question. Roger needs a big brother, a best friend, but that will never be enough, especially not when he's his close to big, strong, handsome Brian. And both men want something more – careers as professional athletes. For Roger, the demands of the closet, the need to reject the love of a man to fulfill his love of the game, will be a crushing burden. For Brian, his downfall will be the substances he uses to get an edge over the competition, and to suppress his gnawing self-doubt and guilt.One set of desires will bring them together, the other will force them apart…
      Going Long
They fell in love in high school and found their way back to one another despite the odds. But can first loves really be forever? For Reed Johnson, the dream was always football. But then Nolan Lennox took over his heart. She was the good girl who made him want to be better—made him whole. Whatever man he was becoming, he owed to her. The life he dreamed of was right there to take—bowl games, national championships, and maybe…going pro. But a hundred of miles of desert between them and four long years of college ahead might prove to be the toughest challenger of all. Hearts can t help but want to play defense when they re wounded, and some wounds seem impossible to heal. But Reed Johnson isn t the kind of man who backs down from the challenge. He digs in, and he fights—just like the woman he loves taught him to do. But is he willing to give up his first love just to keep his true love? Or will he be too late?
      Doc: A Memoir
With fresh (and sober) eyes, Dwight Gooden, who tallied a mountain of strikeouts while leading the 1986 bad-boy New York Mets to a World Series win, shares the most intimate moments of his successes and failures, from endless self-destructive drug binges to three World Series rings.
      Futebol: The Brazilian Way of Life
The Brazilian football team at its best exudes a skill, flamboyance and romantic pull. Football is how the world sees Brazil and Brazilians see themselves. The game symbolises racial harmony, flamboyance, youth, innovation and skill, and yet football is also a microcosm of Latin America's largest country and contains all of its contradictions. Travelling extensively from the Uruguayan border to the north-eastern backlands, from the coastal cities of Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo to the Amazon jungle, the author, Alex Bellos, shows how Brazil changed football and how football shaped Brazil. Bellos tells the stories behind the great players, like Pele and Garrincha, between the great teams, like Corinthians and Vasco de Gama, and the great matches, as well as extraordinary stories from people and pitches all over this country.
      Furia
An #ownvoices contemporary YA set in Argentina, about a rising soccer star who must put everything on the line—even her blooming love story—to follow her dreams.In Rosario, Argentina, Camila Hassan lives a double life.  At home, she is a careful daughter, living within her mother's arrow expectations, in her rising-soccer-star brother's hadow, and under the abusive rule of her short-tempered father.  On the field, she is La Furia, a powerhouse of skill and talent. When her team qualifies for the South American tournament, Camila gets the chance to see just how far those talents can take her. In her wildest dreams, she d get an athletic scholarship to a North American university. But the path ahead isn t easy. Her parents don t know about her passion. They wouldn t allow a girl to play fútbol—and she needs their permission to go any farther. And the boy she once loved is back in town. Since he left, Diego has become an international star, playing in Italy for the renowned team Juventus. Camila doesn t have time to be distracted by her feelings for him. Things aren t the same as when he left: she has her own passions and ambitions now, and La Furia cannot be denied. As her life becomes more complicated, Camila is forced to face her secrets and make her way in a world with no place for the dreams and ambition of a girl like her.
      Good to Go: What the Athlete in All of Us Can Learn from the Strange Science of Recovery
Acclaimed science journalist Christie Aschwanden takes readers on an entertaining and enlightening tour through the latest science on sports and fitness recovery. She investigates claims about sports drinks, chocolate milk, and recovery  beer; examines the latest recovery trends; and even tests some for herself, including cryotherapy, foam rolling, and Tom Brady–endorsed infrared pajamas. Good to Go seeks an answer to the question: Do any of these things actually help the body recover and achieve peak performance?
      Stealing Sawyer
I hired her to be my girlfriend. To fix my reputation. To save my career.  It's ot that I don t want a girlfriend. I do. I want it all. Wife, kids, side-by-side burial plots. The problem is – I can t have any of it. So I ve made myself untouchable. The quintessential bachelor of baseball. Because it's ot worth the risk. Not even for someone I love. Especially not for someone I love.  We made the arrangements. We agreed to a contract. It's ron clad. No sex. No love. No future.  What could possibly go wrong? 
      Swing
Things usually do not go as planned for seventeen-year-old Noah. He and his best friend Walt (aka Swing) have been cut from the high school baseball team for the third year in a row, and it looks like Noah's ove interest since third grade, Sam, will never take it past the best friend  zone. Noah would love to retire his bat and accept the status quo, but Walt has big plans for them both, which include making the best baseball comeback ever, getting the girl, and finally finding cool.To go from lovelorn to ladies  men, Walt introduces Noah to a relationship guru—his Dairy Queen-employed cousin, floyd—and the always informative Woohoo Woman Podcast. Noah is reluctant, but decides fate may be intervening when he discovers more than just his mom's irthday gift at the thrift shop. Inside the vintage Keepall is a gold mine of love letters from the 1960s. Walt is sure these letters and the podcasts are just what Noah needs to communicate his true feelings to Sam. To Noah, the letters are more: an initiation to the curious rhythms of love and jazz, as well as a way for him and Walt to embrace their own kind of cool. While Walt is hitting balls out of the park and catching the eye of the baseball coach, Noah composes anonymous love letters to Sam in an attempt to write his way into her heart. But as things are looking up for Noah and Walt, a chain of events alters everything Noah knows to be true about love, friendship, sacrifice, and fate. In Swing, bestselling authors Kwame Alexander and Mary Rand Hess (Solo) present a free-verse poetic story that will speak to anyone who's truggled to find their voice and take a swing at life.
      The Big Fella: Babe Ruth and the World He Created
NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER  From Jane Leavy, the award-winning, New York Times bestselling author of The Last Boy and Sandy Koufax, comes the definitive biography of Babe Ruth—the man Roger Angell dubbed the model for modern celebrity.A 
Publishers Weekly
 Best Book of 2018Leavy's ewest masterpiece…. A major work of American history by an author with a flair for mesmerizing story-telling.  —ForbesHe lived in the present tense—in the camera's ens. There was no frame he couldn t or wouldn t fill. He swung the heaviest bat, earned the most money, and incurred the biggest fines. Like all the new-fangled gadgets then flooding the marketplace—radios, automatic clothes washers, Brownie cameras, microphones and loudspeakers—Babe Ruth made impossible events happen. Aided by his crucial partnership with Christy Walsh—business manager, spin doctor, damage control wizard, and surrogate father, all stuffed into one tightly buttoned double-breasted suit—Ruth drafted the blueprint for modern athletic stardom.His was a life of journeys and itineraries—from uncouth to couth, spartan to spendthrift, abandoned to abandon; from Baltimore to Boston to New York, and back to Boston at the end of his career for a finale with the only team that would have him. There were road trips and hunting trips; grand tours of foreign capitals and post-season promotional tours, not to mention those 714 trips around the bases.After hitting his 60th home run in September 1927—a total that would not be exceeded until 1961, when Roger Maris did it with the aid of the extended modern season—he embarked on the mother of all barnstorming tours, a three-week victory lap across America, accompanied by Yankee teammate Lou Gehrig. Walsh called the tour a Symphony of Swat. The Omaha World Herald called it the biggest show since Ringling Brothers, Barnum and Bailey, and seven other associated circuses offered their entire performance under one tent. In The Big Fella, acclaimed biographer Jane Leavy recreates that 21-day circus and in so doing captures the romp and the pathos that defined Ruth's ife and times.Drawing from more than 250 interviews, a trove of previously untapped documents, and Ruth family records, Leavy breaks through the mythology that has obscured the legend and delivers the man.
      Extreme Love
Dante Inferno Jones is used to winning in the ring. But when the MMA fighter meets pretty Caitlyn Moore, he seems to be striking out left and right. The more Cait denies his advances, the more intrigued he becomes by the sharp-tongued beauty. She's a challenge he cannot resist.Comfortable with the average Joe, Cait doesn't get it when the ultra-masculine Dante walks into her life and expresses an interest in her. Sure, she's shed eighty pounds and her confidence is building, but there's nothing spectacular about her. Certainly not enough to hang onto a ripped babe-magnet like Dante, whose violent profession, catty groupies, and cruel competitors are already making her life a living hell. Dante's light-hearted pursuit quickly becomes a battle to win her heart as they find themselves thrown together again and again and it's affecting his training. Cait won't let him lose the biggest fight of his career because of her, but when her plan to keep him focused lands her in the dangerous clutches of Dante's vicious opponent, there is more at stake than just the championship belt.
      Taking A Shot
This is an alternate cover edition for ISBN10: 0990412644 / ISBN13: 9780990412649.Rising hockey star Jamie Babcock is ready to take the most important shot of his life—and this time, it's ot on the ice. Dating his teammate's aughter might be riskier than going head to head with one of the Portland Storm's ivals. But time is running out—it's ow or never.High school senior Katie Weber knows all too well the woes of adolescence, but throw in a leukemia diagnosis, and her life just got a lot more complicated. With prom looming and a shiny bald head to contend with, Katie might sit at home on the most important night of her potentially very short life. Unless Jamie Babcock, her ultimate crush, finally makes the move she's een praying for. But that's ot the only miracle she needs.Now Jamie must show Katie just how important she is and how hard she must fight.Before it's oo late…Previously release as part of the SEDUCED BY THE GAME anthology.
      Against Football: One Fan's Reluctant Manifesto
A New York Times Best SellerPowerful...an important read. —Publishers WeeklyNew York Times bestselling author Steve Almond takes on America's iggest sacred cow: footballIn Against Football, Steve Almond details why, after forty years as a fan, he can no longer watch the game he still loves. Using a synthesis of memoir, reportage, and cultural critique, Almond asks a series of provocative questions: Does our addiction to football foster a tolerance for violence, greed, racism, and homophobia? What does it mean that our society has transmuted the intuitive physical joys of childhood—run, leap, throw, tackle—into a billion-dollar industry? How did a sport that causes brain damage become such an important emblem for our institutions of higher learning?There has never been a book that exposes the dark underside of America's avorite game with such searing candor.
      A Very Merry Hockey Holiday
NEW YORK TIMES AND USA TODAY BEST SELLING AUTHOR TONI ALEO PRESENTS THE NEXT INSTALLMENT IN THE ASSASSINS SERIES…It's eginning to look a lot like Christmas – with eight stories featuring your most beloved characters and their families – it's ime to get comfy with a cup of hot cocoa and take a sneak peek at the holidays, Assassins  style.Join Lucas and Fallon along with Tate and Audrey as they await life-changing gifts; Erik and Piper, and Phillip and Reece who have decisions to make that could lead to exciting developments ahead in their lives; and Claire as she makes a Christmas wish and choices for her future. Spend Christmas morning with the Adler family and see what the New Year has in store for Karson and Lacey, as well as Kacey King. The King family faces significant changes and resolutions that will leave readers alternately cheering and maybe a little heavy-hearted…all wrapped up in a big bow.
      Fallen Crest Family
Samantha and Mason are together. Everyone knows it. Not everyone is dealing with it. While Mason's eady to give them the middle finger, there's ne not going away. Her mother. Threats are issued. Ultimatums are given. Even blackmail is used, but only Samantha can put a stop to Analise. However, when a trauma from her past is triggered, she may not have the courage or strength to do what's eeded. If she doesn t, Mason's uture could be destroyed.
      Deep in the Count
Brandon plays baseball for Virginia Tech. Although his coach is confident he has a successful career ahead of him, Brandon's not so sure. What if he doesn t make it? What will he have to fall back on? He wishes he were smarter. He looks at his friend's roommate and thinks he d give anything for that confidence and those brains. Because brains and confidence? That's exy! If only he could get Corey to notice him, come up with a plan that would appeal to Corey's inner geek… Corey's program of study and academic standing are sure to land him a good job in his chosen career field: cryptology. Those popular kids? They think that because he's  geek  he's issing out on life, but they re wrong. He's ot his eye on the prize and doesn t need the distractions of a social life. So why is he having such a hard time ignoring his roommate's flirty friend?This story was written as a part of the M/M Romance Group's Love Has No Boundaries event. Group members were asked to write a story prompt inspired by a photo of their choice. Authors of the group selected a photo and prompt that spoke to them and wrote a short story.
      Broken at Love
When a knee injury ends twenty-year-old Quinn Rowland's ro tennis career, he's ot only dumped by his hot Russian girlfriend but ordered to attend college by his disinterested billionaire father. A rich kid who's ot used to being disappointed by life, Quinn and his sociopathic half-brother Sebastian create a frat house game intended to treat girls how they see them—as simple game pieces to be manipulated for their pleasure.College sophomore Emilie Swanson knows Quinn's eputation—after all, he did send one of her sorority sisters into therapy earlier in the semester—but the game and his charm bring them closer together and soon she starts to believe there's ore to Quinn than people think.But what if the more is something darker than a game of toying with emotions and breaking hearts?Quinn and Emilie might be falling for each other, but there are secrets he's ot ready to tell—and lifestyle changes he's eluctant to make. She willingly stepped on the court, but if Emilie finds out she started out as nothing as a pawn in Quinn and Sebastian's wisted game, she might never forgive him.To his surprise, Quinn finds that he might finally care about someone more than he cares about himself…even if that means letting Emilie walk away for good.
      Cover-Up: Mystery at the Super Bowl
New York Times bestselling sportswriter John Feinstein tackles doping in the Nfl in this exciting football mystery.  The Super Bowl. America's biggest sports spectacle. Over 95 million fans will be watching, but teen sports reporters Stevie and Susan Carol know that what they'll be watching is a lie. They know that the entire offensive line of the California Dreams have failed their doping tests. They know the owner is trying to cover up the results. The only thing they don't know is how to prove it.  John Feinstein has been praised as the best writer of sports books in America today (The Boston Globe), and he proves it again in this fast-paced novel. 
      Good Guy
He's a Special Forces veteran making his pro hockey debut. She's a dogged sports reporter determined to get a scoop. She's also his best friend's widow...Fans can t get enough of Levi Hunt, the Special Forces veteran who put his NHL career on hold to serve his country and fight the bad guys. So when his new Chicago Rebels bosses tell him to cooperate with the press on a profile, he's eady to do his duty. Until he finds out who he has to work with: flame-haired, freckle-splashed, impossibly perky Jordan Cooke.The woman he should not have kissed the night she buried her husband, Levi's est friend in the service.Hockey-stick-up-his-butt-serious Levi Hunt might despise Jordan for reasons she can t fathom—okay, it's o do with kissing—but her future in the cutthroat world of sports reporting hangs on delivering the goods on the league's ottest, grumpiest rookie. So what if he's ot interested in having his life plated up for public consumption. Too bad. Jordan will have to play dirty to get her scoop and even dirtier to get her man. Only in winning the story, she might just lose her heart...
      Fence #9
The last day of tryouts, and Seiji sees something in Nicholas that will change his opinion forever.
      Throw Like a Girl
Friday Night Lights  meets Morgan Matson's  The Unexpected Everything  in this contemporary debut where  swoon-worthy  romance meets underdog sports story.When softball star Liv Rodinsky throws one ill-advised punch during the most important game of the year, she loses her scholarship to her fancy private school, her boyfriend, and her teammates all in one fell swoop. With no other options, Liv is forced to transfer to the nearest public school, Northland, where she'll have to convince their coach she deserves a spot on the softball team, all while facing both her ex and the teammates of the girl she punched... Every. Single. Day. Enter Grey, the injured star quarterback with amazing hair and a foolproof plan: if Liv joins the football team as his temporary replacement, he'll make sure she gets a spot on the softball team in the Spring. But it will take more than the perfect spiral for Liv to find acceptance in Northland's halls, and behind that charming smile, Grey may not be so perfect after all.With well-drawn characters and a charming quarterback love interest who's got brains as well as brawn, Throw Like a Girl will have readers swooning from the very first page.
      Something So Irresistible
Max Horton They call me an outcast like it's a bad thing.An asshole byproduct of a shitty upbringing. I don't care about anything except myself and my little sister. I will always protect what's ine.With one year left on my hockey contract I'm keeping my head down and my eyes on the goal.A collision, with her, changes my entire existence.Allison Grant Never fall in love with a sports star. That's what my stepfather always said. He told me athletes are complicated and moody—that the higher their paycheck, the lower their morals.As public relations for the New York Stingers I know exactly what he means, but I can t seem to say no to a friendship with one beautiful, damaged man.What started out as hate turned into something else. We tried to stay away, to keep our distance, but the pull was too strong.Something forbidden turned into something so irresistible.
      Overtime
This short story (approximately 4000 words) takes place after the events of Power Play and before Empty Net. It features Spartanburg Spitfires' goalie Isaac Drake -- as well as a few other familiar faces.
      A Season of Daring Greatly
Eighteen-year-old Jill Cafferty just made history. Her high school's tar pitcher, she is now the first woman drafted by a major league baseball team. Only days after her high school graduation, she ll join the Pittsburgh Pirates  Class A Short Season team . . . but not everyone is happy to have her there.On top of the pressure heaped on every pitcher, Jill must deal with defying conventions and living up to impossible expectations, all while living away from home for the first time. She ll go head-to-head against those who are determined to keep baseball an all-male sport. Despite the reassurance of coaches and managers alike, a few of her teammates are giving her trouble. The media presence following her at each game is inescapable. And to top it all off, Jill is struggling with the responsibilities of being a national hero and a role model for young women everywhere. How can she be a role model when she's ot even sure she made the right choice for herself? Didn t baseball used to be fun?This literary and engrossing story of a young woman trying to mark out a place for herself in a male-dominated world will captivate fans of Friday Night Lights, The Art of Fielding, John Corey Whaley, and Laurie Halse Anderson.
      The Matheny Manifesto: A Young Manager's Old-School Views on Success in Sports and Life
 Nothing worth doing right is easy. –Mike Matheny    Mike Matheny was just forty-one, without professional managerial experience and looking for a next step after a successful career as a Major League catcher, when he succeeded the legendary Tony La Russa as manager of the St. Louis Cardinals in 2012. While Matheny has enjoyed immediate success, leading the Cards to the postseason three times in his first three years, people have noticed something else about his life, something not measured in day-to-day results. Instead, it's ased on a frankly worded letter he wrote to the parents of a Little League team he coached, a cry for change that became an Internet sensation and eventually a manifesto.     The tough-love philosophy Matheny expressed in the letter contained his throwback beliefs that authority should be respected, discipline and hard work rewarded, spiritual faith cultivated, family made a priority, and humility considered a virtue. In The Matheny Manifesto, he builds on his original letter by first diagnosing the problem at the heart of youth sports−hint: it starts with parents and coaches−and then by offering a hopeful path forward. Along the way, he uses stories from his small-town childhood as well as his career as a player, coach, and manager to explore eight keys to success: leadership, confidence, teamwork, faith, class, character, toughness, and humility.     From The Coach Is Always Right, Even When He's rong  to Let Your Catcher Call the Game,  Matheny's ld-school advice might not always be popular or politically correct, but it works. His entertaining and deeply inspirational book will not only resonate with parents, coaches, and athletes, it will also be a powerful reminder, from one of the most successful new managers in the game, of what sports can teach us all about winning on the field and in life.
      Imaginary Lines
Tamar Rosenfeld has been in love with New York Leopards linebacker Abraham Krasner since they were twelve years old. She'd always considered it destiny that they'd end up together…until Abe was drafted and she professed her feelings in a moment of blind excitement. The sting of his rejection was like nothing she'd ever felt before, and it's nothing she'll ever forget.Older and wiser, Tamar has landed a dream job as a reporter for one of New York's premier athletic websites. Determined to stop being the safe, boring girl she's felt like for most of her life, Tamar makes a list of all the things she wants to do and see in her new city, and Getting Over Abraham is priority number one.But destiny has finally chosen to interfere. Just as Tamar's decided to move on, Abe's realized she's the only woman for him. When he confides the truth, Tamar has to decide if she can put her crush behind her, or take a chance on the very man who's been holding her back all these years.
      Strike
Twenty-year-old Jaycee Shumway breaks into professional baseball player, Reed Tyler's home, to steal the second most valuable set of balls he owns. Neither of them expect their striking attraction or battle of wills to lead them to a homerun. Jaycee has more than herself to worry about. When Reed discovers she has a younger brother and sister, he's caught up in the losing season they call life. Spring training begins and the separation puts Reed and Jaycee's game on hold. With bases loaded and hearts on the line, will Reed convince Jaycee that she needs him to win or will Jaycee strike out and walk off the field forever? This New Adult book is intended for mature audiences. Strike is the second book in the Completion Series. There is no connection to Play (book I) except the sports theme. Strike is a standalone HEA novel.
      Fair Play
Savannah Morrison is the new athletic trainer for the Moncton Ice Cats, a professional hockey team in the wilds of New Brunswick. It's a good thing she's got plenty of knowledge and grit, because as the only female trainer in the league, she has to work twice as hard to win the players' respect. The last thing on earth she would do is date one of them. Twelve-year hockey veteran Garrick LeBlanc isn't ready to hang up his skates, particularly since he hasn't figured out what the hell he's planning to do next. He needs the new trainer to keep him fit to play, and she's got the skills to do it. Too bad he lost his mind and hit on her the day they met. Now she hates his guts and he's made an art of ignoring her. When the team is put up for sale, Garrick and Savannah have to work together to save their jobs and their team. Somewhere along the way, they discover Garrick isn't just a hockey player, Savannah isn't only passionate about her work, and just maybe they've got more in common than they thought.
      Foolish Games
A Hail Mary play for the heart. Bridal gown designer, Julianne Marchione knows better than to lose her head at a client's edding. But, much to her embarrassment, a mix of migraine medication and a smoking hot football player lead to a steamy one night stand resulting in a surprise pregnancy. Julianne has every intention of leaving her Nfl hookup far in the past until her son, Owen, is born with a life-threatening blood disorder that requires a transfusion—and Julianne is not a match. Will �William the Conqueror  Connelly grew up tough, shouldering the stigma of being a bastard child born on the wrong side of the tracks. He refuses to let any child face the same discrimination. When he finds out about Owen, he's urious that Julianne kept his son a secret. But when he sees her again at the hospital, he realizes that his feelings for her go far beyond anger. Will insists that Owen recuperate at his home in North Carolina, and he's damant that Julianne become his wife—even if it's nly a temporary marriage in name only. But will their simmering attraction ever lead to a real connection?  Or are they just playing foolish games?
      Full Throttle
Easing into the turns…As one of only two girls on the tween racing circuit, Shawn Hamby has always run with a fast crowd. But now at thirty-two, she doesn t need to prove anything to anyone. And she definitely doesn t need a man bossing her around off of the track…Putting the pedal to the metal…But after a silly girls  night at a fetish club, Shawn can t get Rhett Ford out of her mind. He's ounger than her, and he's er best friend's rother-in-law, which should be red flags. Rhett is looking for someone to lead in bed, but he can t imagine that Shawn would ever submit to him. Boldly surrendering is more her style. And with Rhett behind the wheel, it's oing to be one wild ride…
      Off Balance
In this searing and riveting New York Times bestseller, Olympic gold medalist Dominique Moceanu reveals the dark underbelly of Olympic gymnastics, the true price of success...and the shocking secret about her past and her family that she only learned years later.At fourteen years old, Dominique Moceanu was the youngest member of the 1996 US Women's Olympic Gymnastics team, the first and only American women's team to take gold at the Olympics. Her pixyish appearance and ferocious competitive drive quickly earned her the status of media darling. But behind the fame, the flawless floor routines, and the million-dollar smile, her life was a series of challenges and hardships.Off Balance vividly delineates each of the dominating characters who contributed to Moceanu's rise to the top, from her stubborn father and long-suffering mother to her mercurial coach, Bela Karolyi. Here, Moceanu finally shares the haunting stories of competition, her years of hiding injuries and pain out of fear of retribution from her coaches, and how she hit rock bottom after a public battle with her parents.But medals, murder plots, drugs, and daring escapes aside (all of which figure into Moceanu's incredible journey), the most unique aspect of her life is the family secret that Moceanu discovers, opening a new and unexpected chapter in her adult life. A mysterious letter from a stranger reveals that she has a second sister--born with a physical disability and given away at birth--who has nonetheless followed in Moceanu's footsteps in an astonishing way.A multilayered memoir that transcends the world of sports, Off Balance will touch anyone who has ever dared to dream of a better life.
      The GM: The Inside Story of a Dream Job and the Nightmares that Go with It
In the summer of 2006, the Nfl's ost senior general manager, Ernie Accorsi, invited Tom Callahan inside  the Giants organization to experience a season—Accorsi's ast—from the front office, the locker room, the sidelines, and the tunnel. Tom made no promises, except that he d bring to the project the same fairness and thoroughness that characterized his acclaimed Unitas biography, Johnny U. The result is a remarkable book that is at once a chronicle of a tumultuous season and the story of the Nfl over the last three and a half decades, told through the eyes of a man who has dedicated his life to football. The Giants started the season with high expectations, hoping to ride the talent of players like Eli Manning, Jeremy Shockey, and Tiki Barber to the Super Bowl, but the team quickly fell apart due to injuries. The GM goes far beyond the specifics of a single season, though. In a marriage of two great raconteurs, one lobbing stories and the other neatly catching them, Callahan and Accorsi—writer and subject—show how the pro game (and the league that showcases it) really works, and the peculiar role of today's eneral manager, who must be part seer, part accountant, balancing psyches and salary caps.At its essence, The GM is the story of the job—of what it means to be the guy who makes the decisions . . . who's econd-guessed by fans and the media . . . who must deal with endless—and sometimes impossible—expectations.Filled with the vivid anecdotes and storytelling that made Johnny U a surprise bestseller, The GM doesn t just illuminate. It inspires with its portrait of a consummate football-personnel strategist who, over the course of decades, gave everything to the game he loved.From the Hardcover edition.
      Payback
ALLIE HARRIS WANTS PAYBACK. Her cheating ex deserves to see her living her best life; a one-night-stand with a hot South African soccer player would be the perfect revenge. Right? Wrong. Allie is so, so wrong. ROAN DEWALT HAS ALL THE MOVES. On and off the field he's t the top of his game. Roan respects hard-work, dedication—and follow through. He's ot a one and done kind of man, and he's ar from being done with Allie Harris. One sexy night and two years later, Allie's ob brings her back to town. An opportunity for the perfect replay Roan has been fantasizing about since they slept together. THE PROBLEM? Allie Harris has a secret; one she's een keeping from Roan all this time. Video proof of their one night together—taken without his consent. Will Allie's ayback plan come back to bite them both? Or can she erase her past mistake and embrace a new future with Roan?
      The Friend Zone
From the bestselling author of the #Lovestruck novels comes a rousing romance about following your dreams, second chances, and playing the game of love.Disgraced college quarterback Logan Hunt was on his way to Nfl stardom when he messed up big-time. Now the Texas star player with a bad temper has a new option: Seattle's OL College—as in End of the Line, to his fellow misfit recruits. It's ogan's ast chance. If he can follow the rules. No parties, no fighting, no swearing, and oh, no dating the coach's aughter, Jess. Simple. Yeah, right. For Logan, there has never been a rule he's ore tempted to break.The deal is just friends.  The pretty, confident, and fiercely smart math whiz is fine with pizza, tutoring, and keeping Logan in line. But the closer Jess gets, the more receptive she is to his warm heart and spirit—not to mention his irresistible off-field passes. With defenses down, they re both heading into the danger zone.It's ore than thrilling. It's ove. It's lso a game changer that could sideline Logan's fl goals—and more important, a future with Jess. But dreams are worth fighting for, right?
      Dominate
The anticipated conclusion to the Final Harris Brother Duet.  To dominate one's eart is to truly be free.  After the harrowing attack against Gareth and Sloan, there are more than just physical wounds that must be healed.  Recovering and moving on from their dark pasts is the only way they can truly find their bright futures.  Who will surrender? And who will dominate?
      Fence #8
Nicholas is determined to get Seiji to focus on him and him alone.
      Belichick: The Making of the Greatest Football Coach of All Time
A NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER The definitive biography of the Nfl's ost enigmatic, controversial, and yet successful coach             Bill Belichick is perhaps the most fascinating figure in the Nfl—the infamously dour face of one of the winningest franchises in sports. As head coach of the New England Patriots, he's ed the team to five Super Bowl championship trophies. In this revelatory and robust biography, readers will come to understand and see Belichick's ull life in football, from watching college games as a kid with his father, a Naval Academy scout, to orchestrating two Super Bowl–winning game plans as defensive coordinator for the Giants, to his dramatic leap to New England, where he has made history.             Award-winning columnist and New York Times best-selling author Ian O Connor delves into the mind of the man who has earned a place among coaching legends like Lombardi, Halas, and Paul Brown, presenting sides of Belichick that have been previously unexplored. O Connor discovers how this legendary coach shaped the people he met and worked with in ways perhaps even Belichick himself doesn t know. Those who follow and love pro football know Bill Belichick only as the hooded genius of the Patriots. But there is so much more—from the hidden tensions and deep layers to his relationship with Tom Brady to his sometimes frosty dealings with owner Robert Kraft to his ability to earn the unmitigated respect of his players—if not their affection. This is a man who has many facets and, ultimately, has created a notorious football dynasty. Based on exhaustive research and countless interviews, this book circles around Belichick to tell his full story for the first time, and presents an incisive portrait of a mastermind at work.
      Between the Lines: How Ernie Barnes Went from the Football Field to the Art Gallery
Discover the true story of Nfl star Ernie Barnes—a boy who followed his dreams and became one of the most influential artists of his generations—with this beautifully illustrated nonfiction picture book.When Ernie Barnes was growing up in North Carolina in the 1940s, he loved to draw. Even when he played as a boy with his friends he drew with a stick in the mud. And he never left home without a sketchbook. He would draw the junk man, families walking home from church, or the old man on the sofa. He drew what he saw.But in the segregated south, Ernie didn t know how to make a living as an artist. Ernie grew tall and athletic and became a football star. Soon enough the colleges came calling. Still, in his heart Ernie longed to paint. Would that day ever come?Ernie Barnes was one of the most important artists of his time known for his style of elongation and movement. His work has influenced a generation of painters and illustrators and can be found in museums and collections, such as the African American Museum in Philadelphia and the California African American Museum.Between the Lines is a story of inspiration, spirit, and of an American original who pursued his dream. This enchanting picture book includes pieces of artwork created by this little known artist who captured the truth and beauty of the world he saw around him.
      Punch-Drunk Love
Dear Author,Umm, our entire kickboxing team just walked in on us. I think we re OUT now.Photo Description: An artistic black-and-white photo. Although they face away from the camera, two handsome young men look over their shoulders at the viewer, their expressions reflecting surprise. They re naked, their bodies muscular and toned. The man on the left is slightly taller, his wavy dark hair complemented by the other man's hort blond hair. The spacious training studio's ardwood floor shines underneath their bare feet, and sporting goods, including numerous stationary strike bags, line the perimeter.This story was written as a part of the M/M Romance Group's Love's andscapes event. Group members were asked to write a story prompt inspired by a photo of their choice. Authors of the group selected a photo and prompt that spoke to them and wrote a short story. This story may contain sexually explicit content and is intended for adult readers. It may contain content that is disagreeable or distressing to some readers. The M/M Romance Group strongly recommends that each reader review the General Information section before each story for story tags as well as for content warnings.
      Perfect Pitch
A hot, contemporary short novel by best-selling author Mindy Klasky.Reigning beauty queen Samantha Winger is launching her pet project, a music program for kids. All she has to do is follow the pageant's rules - no smoking, drinking, or cavorting in public.That's fine, until D.J. Thomas - God's gift to baseball - throws her a wild pitch. He slams her in an interview, and the video goes viral. Sam's no shrinking violet. She parlays D.J.'s apology into a national T.V. appearance - and a very unexpected, very public kiss.Soon, paparazzi catch the couple in a steamy make-out session, and Sam's music program is on the block. The blazing hot relationship is threatened even more when D.J.'s son begs to trade in Little League for music class.Can Sam and D.J. sizzle past the sour notes and find their perfect pitch?
      Cold War
After an explosive locker room confrontation with his Russian rival ends in the most surprising and intense sex of his life, American pairs skater Dev Avira needs to refocus. He's orked for years to win Olympic gold, and he can t let himself—or his partner—down. Distraction in the form of steely and smoldering Mikhail Reznikov is the last thing he needs as he prepares for the biggest competition of his life. But with the Games only days away, they can t keep their hands off each other. Dev soon learns that beneath Mikhail's rrogant and aloof exterior is Misha, a passionate man who warms Dev's eart and scorches his bed. They're both determined to win, but for Misha his freedom could be on the line. Can Dev put his deepening feelings on ice as he goes for gold?
      Heaven and Hell
After making a bad decision when she was very young, Kia Clementine finds herself in hell. Then, suddenly, within the time it takes for a shotgun to blast, her hell changes. Completely. Then out-of-the-blue she sees Sampson Cooper, her celebrity crush. A man the whole world knows is decent. A man the world knows is loyal. A man the world knows is good. All of these very unlike her now dead husband.  He's itting at a table right next to hers. And she catches his eye.  Terrified of the interest Sam shows in her, Kia finds the courage to go out with him. Not long after, she shares her dark secrets and Sam shares that he ll stop at nothing to gain her trust.  As Sam leads Kia to heaven, Kia realizes that Sam is living his own hell. But although he gives her beauty and she gives him everything, he withholds his trust.  Even with all the beauty Sam shows her, Kia wants it all. But Sam forces Kia to make a heartbreaking decision and only she can decide. It's ll or nothing.
      The Whore of Akron: One Man's Search for the Soul of LeBron James
After 52 long years, the city of Cleveland finally has a new championship team, thanks to LeBron James and his Cavaliers. Scott Raab—Cleveland super-fan—has suffered for every one of those five decades of drought. In the tradition of Frederick Exley's ult-classic sports book A Fan's otes, The Whore of Akron is Raab's ilarious and unhinged plea for deliverance from all those years of pain. Traveling from Cleveland to Miami and back again, Raab heads out on an obsessive quest to uncover the soul of one of today's reatest basketball players: LeBron James, the man who finally brought Cleveland out of sporting exile.
      Beyond A Boundary
C L R James, one of the foremost thinkers of the twentieth century, was devoted to the game of cricket. In this classic summation of half a lifetime spent playing, watching and writing about the sport, he recounts the story of his overriding passion and tells us of the players whom he knew and loved, exploring the game's psychology and aesthetics, and the issues of class, race and politics that surround it.Part memoir of a West Indian boyhood, part passionate celebration and defence of cricket as an art form, part indictment of colonialism, Beyond a Boundary addresses not just a sport but a whole culture and asks the question, 'What do they know of cricket who only cricket know?
      Open: Inside the Ropes at Bethpage Black
Tiger Woods has called the U.S. Open the most difficult national championship. With Open, John Feinstein goes behind the scenes to tell for the first time the full story of how the 2002 U.S. Open Championship came into being-how a public course was transformed into one of the most difficult and surprising in the tournament's history, and how the greatest golfers in the world rose to its almost insurmountable challenges.  The Black course at the public golf club in Bethpage, New York, has long had a mythic status among golfers. Designed by legendary course architect A. W. Tillinghast in 1936, it is known as a work of genius-with long fairways, gorgeous vistas, and roughs and bunkers that stymie all but the very best golfers. It is a course where any player can compete, but its cult reputation means that golfers often have to camp overnight in the parking lot to get a tee time the next day. The 2002 U.S. Open at Bethpage Black was the first time in history that golf's greatest championship had been held at a true public course. Open is the full drama of that championship, from the moment that officials first considered holding it there until the last putt rolled in at dusk on Sunday. Along the way, John Feinstein reveals the full glory of golf as it's never been explored before. He digs deep to find out what it really takes to make golf's most famous event worthy of the champions who compete in it. He tells the remarkable story of the artisans who transformed the Black from a downtrodden and rough-around-the-edges public course to one that top pros hailed as unbelievable and the toughest par-70 I've ever played in my life. He also tracks the drama of the masters who battled for supremacy at the Black-Tiger Woods, Sergio Garcia, Nick Faldo, Phil Mickelson, Jeff Maggert-to show how true champions respond to the toughest conditions. Open is the story of people who devote their entire lives to golf, both behind the scenes and inside the ropes. Their struggles and exhilarations as they master the monster known as Bethpage Black make for a story every golf lover will want to read again and again.
      The Breakaways
Quiet, sensitive Faith starts middle school already worrying about how she will fit in. To her surprise, Amanda, a popular eighth grader, convinces her to join the school soccer team, the Bloodhounds. Having never played soccer in her life, Faith ends up on the C team, a ragtag group that's ay better at drama than at teamwork. Although they are awful at soccer, Faith and her teammates soon form a bond both on and off the soccer field that challenges their notions of loyalty, identity, friendship, and unity.The Breakaways is a portrait of friendship in its many forms, and a raw and beautifully honest look into the lives of a diverse and defiantly independent group of kids learning to make room for themselves in the world.
      Game Changers: The Story of Venus and Serena Williams
An ALA Notable Book This lovingly crafted picture book biography centers on the incredible bond between Venus and Serena Williams…An important selection for biography and sports collections.  —School Library Journal (starred review) Will appeal to children and sports fans of all ages.  —Booklist (starred review) Wife-and-husband team Cline-Ransome and Ransome celebrate tennis superstars Venus and Serena Williams, focusing on their formative childhoods and the way their preparation and talent fundamentally changed the game.  —The Horn Book (starred review) Every page is splashed with vibrant color and eye-catching patterns, and the figures of the women themselves are full of energy, speed, and tension.  —Shelf Awareness (starred review) A beautifully composed biography of the Williams sisters, Serena and Venus…This is one biography that will struggle to stay on the shelf.  —School Library Connection Venus and Serena Williams are two of the greatest tennis players of all time. Some say they re two of the greatest athletes of all time. Before they were world famous, they were little girls with big dreams.Venus and Serena Williams. Two peas in a pod. Best friends. Sisters.  Six days a week they awoke before the sun came up to practice their serves and returns, to learn to run faster and hit harder. They were unstoppable. At age fourteen, Venus played her first professional match. Three years later, it was Serena's urn. It wasn t easy. Some tennis fans cheered for these two fresh faces, while those who were unhappy to see two black girls competing in a nearly all-white sport booed and taunted them. But they didn t let it stop them. With vibrant mixed media art, nonfiction superstars Lesa Cline-Ransome and Coretta Scott King Honor winner James E. Ransome share the inspirational story of two tennis legends who were fierce competitors on the courts, but close sisters above all.
      Puck Aholic
I hate my new roommate. And I want to do dirty, delicious things to her in that swing she installed that we both know has nothing to do with aerial yoga. Neither of which is good, considering Diana Daniels is my NHL team captain's ittle sister, and he will break my face if I m not a perfect gentleman.I try to be. Really, I do. But when Diana runs screaming down the hall wearing nothing but a damp washcloth, all my gentlemanly intentions go out the window. She's ot all sorts of Jedi mind tricks to make a man obsessed with getting her into bed, and I m not gonna lie—I fall for every single one of them. Especially the one where she warns me not to fall for her.***Everyone knows that banging your new roomie is a bad idea. And if it wasn t for his sister's tupid pet pig, Wanda, chasing me out of the bathroom mid-shower, Tanner Nowicki and I might still be able to pretend we hate each other.But that pig totally has it out for me, and before I can warn Tanner that I don t do relationships—or hockey players or my brother's riends, for that matter—he's oing me. Against the wall. And in his bed. And in my bed. And on a pinball machine where we get an all time high score.And it's o incredible that I start to forget that I m the unluckiest woman alive when it comes to relationships. And pigs. And aerial yoga. And worst of all, love.But hey, it's ot like I didn t warn him…
      Football Sundae
Football never tasted this sweet.Tanner, the hunky college football star, is home for the summer. Billy, the budding dessert chef, is about to have his hot-fudge-glazed world flipped upside-down. Get ready for the sweetest romance you've ever tasted.Contains: hot man-on-man action, a whole lotta southern small town sass, and ice cream.This is a sweet & steamy male/male romance with humor, an HEA, and NO cheating.BONUS CONTENT: Your special Kindle edition also comes with TWO complimentary male/male stories! After you read Football Sundae, you can enjoy two novellas from the Brazen Boys series: Dog Tags and Slippery When Wet
      The Phenomenon: Pressure, the Yips, and the Pitch that Changed My Life
Rick Ankiel had the talent to be one of the best pitchers ever. Then, one day, he lost it.The Phenomenon is the story of how St. Louis Cardinals prodigy Rick Ankiel lost his once-in-a-generation ability to pitch -- not due to an injury or a bolt of lightning, but a mysterious anxiety condition widely known as the Yips. It came without warning, in the middle of a playoff game, with millions of people watching. And it has never gone away.  Yet the true test of Ankiel's character came not on the mound, but in the long days and nights that followed as he searched for a way to get back in the game. For four and a half years, he fought the Yips with every arrow in his quiver: psychotherapy, medication, deep-breathing exercises, self-help books, and, eventually, vodka. And then, after reconsidering his whole life at the age of twenty-five, Ankiel made an amazing turnaround: returning to the Major Leagues as a hitter and playing seven successful seasons.  This book is an incredible story about a universal experience -- pressure -- and what happened when a person on the brink had to make a choice about who he was going to be.
      The Boys in the Boat: The True Story of an American Team's Epic Journey to Win Gold at the 1936 Olympics
The #1 New York Times  bestseller about the Greatest Generation freshly adapted for the next generation.For readers of  Unbroken, out of the depths of the Great Depression comes the astonishing tale of nine working-class boys from the American West who at the 1936 Olympics showed the world what true grit really meant. With rowers who were the sons of loggers, shipyard workers, and farmers, the University of Washington's ight-oar crew was never expected to defeat the elite East Coast teams, yet they did, going on to shock the world by challenging the German boat rowing for Adolf Hitler.At the center of the tale is Joe Rantz, a teenager without family or prospects, whose personal quest captures the spirit of his generation—the generation that would prove in the coming years that the Nazis could not prevail over American determination and optimism.This deeply emotional yet easily accessible young readers adaptation of the award-winning #1 New York Times bestseller features never-before-seen photographs, highly visual back matter, and an exclusive new introduction.
      Courage to Soar: A Body in Motion, a Life in Balance
Simone Biles  entrance into the world of gymnastics may have started on a daycare field trip in her hometown of Spring, Texas, but her God-given talent, passion, and perseverance have made her one of the top gymnasts in the world, as well as a four-time winner of Olympic gold in Rio de Janeiro.But there is more to Simone than the nineteen medals—fourteen of them gold—and the Olympic successes. Through years of hard work and determination, she has relied on her faith and family to stay focused and positive, while having fun competing at the highest level and doing what she loves. Here, in her own words, Simone takes you through the events, challenges, and trials that carried her from an early childhood in foster care to a coveted spot on the 2016 Olympic team.Along the way, Simone shares the details of her inspiring personal story—one filled with the kinds of daily acts of courage that led her, and can lead you, to even the most unlikely of dreams.
      Better Than Perfect
The woman he left behind and the son he never knew are tougher opponents than any he's et on the field.Pitcher Johnny The Monk  Scottsdale has won awards, been named an All-star and has a perfect game to his credit. Known for his legendary control both on and off the field, his pristine public image makes him the ideal person to work with youth players in a preseason minicamp. Except the camp is run by the one woman he can t forget…the woman who made him a monk. Alice Harrison's hree strikes include an unexpected pregnancy, a marriage of convenience and young widowhood. She once traded her dreams so Johnny could have a chance at making it to the Majors. Johnny comes back into her life just as she's eady to resign as foundation director and pursue her own dreams of finally earning her teaching credential. Her plans may go on hold, though, depending on the reaction when she confesses she may have kept a major league secret from Johnny and her son.With the minutes ticking by until Johnny will leave for spring training, they ll need to let go of the past and work together in order to win the game of love.CONTENT WARNING: Some strong language, consummated love scenes
      Fallen Crest Public
Sam's first day at Fallen Crest Public doesn't go well. Some girls want to be her. Some girls want to destroy her. And some just don't like her. All in all, despite being protected by Mason and Logan, it's still only the strong survive. Sam will not only have to survive, she needs to learn how to conquer too, but there's another battle growing. Things are about to come to a disastrous end between the towns, Roussou and Fallen Crest. Sam's other main dilemma? Keeping Mason and Logan from getting arrested or hospitalized. This is the third book in the Fallen Crest Series. Fallen Crest High Fallen Crest Family Fallen Crest Public
      Frozen Hearts
Forced to live a lie for an image, the best college hockey player in the nation is quitting the game. Can Erik make peace with his past and the boy he left behind, or will he fold under the pressure? The best college hockey player in the nation is hanging up his skates because he's tired of living a lie. Five years ago, Erik Fox was forced by his father to change schools in the middle of the night when his father found out about his indiscretion. Erik had a boyfriend and hockey players do not date boys.With his college career over, Erik is determined to change his life. Can Erik make peace with the boy he left behind and find the life he wants to live, or is he going to fold under the pressure from his father and everyone else who thinks he is defined by the game of hockey.
      Hot Number
Librarian's Note: Re-edited, alternate-cover edition can be found hereMicki Jordan, publicist to the brightest stars in the sports world, has decided to end her tomboy ways—effective immediately. While she will still be able to discuss the finer points of the two-man defense, she's transforming herself into one hot number. With any luck, she will no longer be known as just one of the guys.Now, Micki wants to find a new man to fit her new life. Current leading contender Damian Fuller is a professional ballplayer and a major-league playboy. Will the new Micki have a chance at winning Damian's affections? Or will the wildest player in the league turn around and steal Micki's heart for good?Let the games begin.
      Hooked
When Native American Fredricka ‘Fred  Oday is invited to become the only girl on the school's olf team, she can t say no. This is an opportunity to shine, win a scholarship and go to university, something no one in her family has done. But Fred's resence on the team isn t exactly welcome — especially not to rich golden boy Ryan Berenger, whose best friend was kicked off the team to make a spot for Fred.But there's o denying that things are happening between the girl with the killer swing and the boy with the killer smile...
      Scored
Okay, so I eat, sleep and breathe football and reporting the beautiful game is my dream career. But that doesn t mean I don t have time for a major crush on the England captain, Lewis Tate. The bloke is sex on legs, hot with a capital H. Add in his awe-inspiring talent, his brooding good looks and what's ot to lust after?So my excitement is sky-high as I set off with the official press team to cover England's attle for the European Cup. But when a series of unfortunate, or as it turns out fortunate events, attracts Tate's ttention my way, who am I to say no?Add in a misogynistic manager, an over-zealous colleague, two blue silk ties and some incredible ball-handling skills and it becomes clear the road to victory, for me, will be an intensely erotic journey. Determined to savor every moment, I hang onto my sanity as best I can while living the fantasy and wondering if it can ever become reality. Because once Lewis Tate has taken me to heaven and back, its clear no one else will ever compare.Reader Advisory – Scored is an erotic romance suitable for mature readers.
      Imperfect: An Improbable Life
On an overcast September day in 1993, Jim Abbott took the mound at Yankee Stadium and threw one of the most dramatic no-hitters in major-league history. The game was the crowning achievement in an unlikely success story, unseen in the annals of professional sports. In Imperfect, the one-time big league ace retraces his remarkable journey.  Born without a right hand, Jim Abbott as a boy dreamed of being a great athlete. Raised in flint, Michigan, by parents who saw in his condition not a disability but an extraordinary opportunity, Jim became a two-sport standout in high school, then an ace pitcher for the University of Michigan.   But his journey was only beginning.   As a nineteen-year-old, Jim beat the vaunted Cuban National Team. By twenty-one, he d won the gold medal game at the 1988 Olympics and—without spending a day in the minor leagues—cracked the starting rotation of the California Angels. In 1991, he would finish third in the voting for the Cy Young Award. Two years later, he would don Yankee pinstripes and deliver a one-of-a-kind no-hitter.    It wouldn t always be so good. After a season full of difficult losses—some of them by football scores—Jim was released, cut off from the game he loved. Unable to say good-bye so soon, Jim tried to come back, pushing himself to the limit—and through one of the loneliest experiences an athlete can have.    But always, even then, there were children and their parents waiting for him outside the clubhouse doors, many of them with disabilities like his, seeking consolation and advice. These obligations became Jim's reatest honor.   In this honest and insightful memoir, Jim Abbott reveals the insecurities of a life spent as the different one, how he habitually hid his disability in his right front pocket, and why he chose an occupation in which the uniform provided no front pockets. With a riveting pitch-by-pitch account of his no-hitter providing the ideal frame for his story, this unique athlete offers readers an extraordinary and unforgettable memoir.
      The Physics of Baseball
Blending scientific fact and sports trivia, Robert Adair examines what a baseball or player in motion does-and why. How fast can a batted ball go? What effect do stitch patterns have on wind resistance? How far does a curve ball break? Who reaches first base faster after a bunt, a right- or left-handed batter? The answers are often surprising -- and always illuminating.This newly revised third edition considers recent developments in the science of sport such as the neurophysiology of batting, bat vibration, and the character of the sweet spot. Faster pitchers, longer hitters, and enclosed stadiums also get a good, hard scientific look to determine their effects on the game.Filled with anecdotes about famous players and incidents, The Physics of Baseball provides fans with fascinating insights into America's favorite pastime.
      The Pitch That Killed
Since major league baseball began in 1871, there have been roughly 30 million pitches thrown to batters. Only one of them killed a man. This is the story of Ray Chapman of the Cleveland Indians, a popular player struck in the head and killed in August 1920 by a pitch thrown by Carl Mays of the New York Yankees. Was it, as most baseball observers thought at the time, a tragic but unavoidable accident? Mike Sowell's book investigates the incident and probes deep into the backgrounds of the players involved and the events that led to one of baseball's darkest moments.
      Bad as I Wanna Be
A wild ride inside the glowing head of Dennis Rodman--the NBA's greatest rebounder and America's most outspoken and outrageous athlete.When Sports Illustrated put the man they call America's most provocative athlete on their cover, they sold more copies than any other issue they had sold in a decade (except the swimsuit issue). Why? Because Dennis Rodman, superstar basketball player who joined the Chicago Bulls for the 1996 season, has more in common with Mick Jagger than with his new teammate Michael Jordan. With his body-covering tattoos and ever-changing fluorescent hair, Rodman's sideline antics and celebrated benchings have captivated sports fans as much as his record-breaking on-court performances and earned him a reputation as a rebel with the same penchant for shocking behavior as his on-again off-again squeeze, Madonna. In Bad as I Wanna Be he shares his surprising and candid opinions on everything from fame, money, and race relations, to sex, drugs, and rock-n-roll--and he'll talk about his life, from going to prison for stealing watches to his daughter, the light of his life.At a time when most celebrities and professional athletes try to control their public personas like politicians and refrain from expressing their true beliefs, Dennis Rodman is a refreshingly unique, uncompromising individual who both transcends his world and refuses to conform to it. Bad as I Wanna Be is as candid, intriguing, and unforgettable as he is.
      Dominik
I built myself up from nothing. A product of the foster care system, I learned early on how to fight hard to get what I want. Whether it was starting my first company in college, earning my first billion, or buying my first professional sports team, I know how to get what I want, when I want it.Until now.Willow Monahan is fierce, independent, and hot as hell. She also takes great pleasure in shutting down my advances. The younger sister of one of my star players, Willow intrigues me to my very core. And while she may have willingly given me her body, she is hesitant to offer up more. Now I m on a mission to find out why.I ve decided to approach my desire for Willow like I ve approached much of my life; with persistence, determination, and a whole lot of that Dominik Carlson alpha charm. Buying a hockey expansion team, building the Arizona Vengeance from the ground up, and bringing home a championship may prove to be an easier feat than winning Willow's eart. But I ve never been a quitter. Willow Monahan… I m coming for you.
      Switch Bidder
Piper has been crushing on Ryder Williams for years..  What better chance to make her move on him than when he's acrificing himself on an auction block for a squealing mass of fans at a charity event? Too bad she d rather hide in the bathroom than raise her paddel; what girl actually bids on a guy who doesn t know she exists?  Not. Piper.  But that's what friends are for...  One meddling best friend, and an overpriced bid later, and Ryder Willams is Piper's for the taking. Too bad that she has no intention of collecting on his debt.  Too bad Ryder is determined to find out why.  NOTE:: Switch Bidder is a SHORT #JockHard Novella, at 10,000 words. Aka: Short Novella.
      The Best American Sports Writing of the Century
The Barnes & Noble Review: The front page chronicles man's defeats. The sports page chronicles man's triumphs. So the adage goes, never more true than when surveying 100 years of American history through its coverage of sports. From Bobby Knight to Bobby Fischer, from Secretariat to Sugar Ray, from Butkus to the Babe, the 20th century abounds with classic figures in sports history. Their compelling stories fuel our collective memory. In the pieces assembled here, The Best American Sports Writing of the Century captures these indelible moments in words worth a thousand pictures. Working with series editor Glenn Stout (Best American Sports Writing 1999 etc.), Pulitzer-Prize winner David Halberstam (The Summer of '49, Playing For Keeps:Michael Jordan & the World He Made) selects the century's most engaging sports journalism. While the task was surely a challenge, the result is a near-seamless retrospective of contemporary athleticism. The pieces are contemporaneous with the events recounted, infusing the entire collection with an intimate immediacy. You are there  with Joe DiMaggio, Junior Johnson, Muhammad Ali, Branch Rickey  again & again. The writing is uniformly excellent, mixing some familiar choices with otherwise overlooked gems. However, one criticism must be noted: This is for fans of men's endeavors, for women hardly appear in the 800-plus pages. No exquisite essays on Wilma Rudolph's struggles to achieve Olympic gold. No mention of Chris Evert's importance to tennis. No hymns of praise for Peggy fleming's inspiring skating. Nohyperboleabout Shirley Muldowney's drag racing prowess. No Mary Decker, no Nancy Lopez, no Picabo Street. Perhaps a companion volume is in the offing. For capturing 10 decades of achievement by the men, tho, no tribute could be finer. Whether rejoicing on the quietude of fishing (Thomas McGuane, The Longest Silence, 1969) or the cacophony of Bobby Thomson's pennant-winning heroics (Red Smith, Miracle of Coogan's Bluff, 1951), the writing is evocative and timeless. Some athletic greats are viewed as their careers are poised to explode (Tiger Woods in 1997's The Chosen One, by Gary Smith). Others are glimpsed in the rearview mirror: DiMaggio in 1966's The Silent Season of a Hero, by Gay Talese; Ty Cobb in 1961's The Fight to Live, by Al Stump; & Billy Conigliaro in 1989's A Brother's Keeper, by Mike Lupica. In a marvelous choice, Halberstam concludes the book with six essays on Ali. The selections represent the full spectrum of his athletic and public career, from cocksure Cassius Marcellus Clay (Murray Kempton, The Champ and the Chump, 1964) to reflective disciple of Islam (Dick Schaap, Muhammad Ali Then and Now, 1971) to resurrected warrior in Manila (Mark Kram, Lawdy, Lawdy, He's Great, 1975) & beyond.
      Juicy Rebound
Chandler Moon's areer as a defensemen for the IceCats is on fire. However, his marriage has gone up in flames… literally. He's esigned himself to the single life and being the best dog dad he can be, but he still holds out hope that one day he ll find The One.  So, imagine his surprise when he runs into The One Who Got Away.  Amelia Justice.His best friend's aby sister.AKA: The One Who Is Totally Off-Limits. Amelia is broken. The punches that life, and her ex-husband, have thrown at her have her down for the count. She's ut herself off from her family and friends as she works to rebuild her self-esteem and her spirit. Hidden away in a small town, she never expects to reconnect with The One She Should Have Chosen.  Chandler is so much more than he was in college: more handsome, more muscular, more tattooed… It was supposed to be a casual fling while Amelia and Chandler worked to put the pieces of their lives back together. But as every good hockey player knows, a rebound can turn into one hell of a goal.
      Pay Attention, Carter Jones
Carter Jones is astonished early one morning when he finds a real English butler, bowler hat and all, on the doorstep—one who stays to help the Jones family, which is a little bit broken.In addition to figuring out middle school, Carter has to adjust to the unwelcome presence of this new know-it-all adult in his life and navigate the butler's notions of decorum. And ultimately, when his burden of grief and anger from the past can no longer be ignored, Carter learns that a burden becomes lighter when it is shared.
      Puck Me Baby
You're going to be a daddy. Looking up into Alexi Petrov's ark eyes as I break the news, I m scared out of my mind. This man is the most terrifying defender in the NHL, and if it weren't for my sporty new baby bump, I probably wouldn't believe we hooked up that night. (Yes, I ve sworn off margaritas for life.) But the Alexi who goes to my doctor appointments, moves me into his guesthouse, and cooks so many gourmet meals I look like I'm carrying twins? He isn t scary at all. He's weet. And intense. And so sexy I want to smear him with honey and lick it off every inch of his powerful, protective, oh-so-swoony-worthy body. But that's ot a part of our relationship anymore. We re friends who intend to raise a child together. That's ll… Right? **** There's o way I can be just friends with Amanda Esposito. She's verything I want in a woman—strong, sexy, compassionate, a little bit wild—with curves for miles and a smile she smiles just for me. I don t know if I ve got what it takes to be that guy—the one with his heart on his sleeve—but for this woman, I ll try.  Amanda and our baby are my future, my family, and I m prepared to cross check anyone or anything that stands in my way. Even if that someone is the tough guy in the mirror...
      Country Boy
Sometimes the toughest thing to have faith in is yourself.  The first time Paul Dyson met Robbie Rhodes, they ended up naked in Robbie's ed. The last time they met, on the ice the morning after, Paul punched Robbie in the face and called him something he d rather not repeat.  Two years later, they re teammates on the Seattle Thunder hockey team.  Being gay is wrong, unnatural, and there is no room for them in his world. Paul's eard that his whole life. So when it hits him that he is gay, he does the only thing he can: he shoves himself so deep in the closet he would need a map to find his way out again.  When the chance to fulfill his lifelong dream comes along, Paul can t say no, even if it forces him to share hotel rooms with the only man he can t resist. It doesn t take long for Paul to give into temptation and find himself falling in love with his brilliant, caring teammate.  But as much as he cares for Paul, Robbie is finding it harder and harder to justify hiding who he is. It goes against everything he was taught was right. He feels like he has a duty to come out to the public. He d be the first out gay pro-hockey player.  If Paul wants to be with Robbie, he will have to turn his back on his family and everything he's elieved in. If Robbie wants to be will Paul, he ll have to do the same.  It's oing to take them a lot of faith to find their way together in this shiny new world.  Country Boy is a love story about figuring out who you are, who you want to be, and how to get there. It contains sweet hockey plays, a 1976 Corvette Stingray, fancy underwear, and the journey of a lifetime.
      Relay
Captain is not a title Alejandro Alex  Cantu takes lightly. Elected by his teammates to helm the US Men's wim Team, he proudly accepts the role, despite juggling endless training, team administrative work, and helping out on the family farm. And despite his ex-lover, Dane Ellis—swimming's iggest star—also making the Olympic Team.Dane has been a pawn in his celebrity parents  empire from crib to pool, flashing his camera-ready smile on demand and staying deeply in the closet. Only once did he drop the act—the summer he fell in love with Alex. Ten years later, Dane longs to cut his parents  strings, drop his too-bright smile, and beg Alex for another chance.Alex, though, isn t ready to forgive and forget, and Dane is a distraction he doesn t need on his team, until an injury forces Alex to accept Dane as his medley relay anchor. Working together, their passion reignites. When Dane's arents threaten reprisal and Alex is accused of doping, the two must risk everything to prove Alex's nnocence, to love one another, and to win back their spots on the team, together.
      AREA 51: Pucked Series Deleted Scenes & Outtakes
A collection of outtakes, deleted scenes, and cut chapters from your favorite Pucked Series characters. From Pucked:  An Area 51 breach on the kitchen table that was cut from the final draft, plus a holiday outtake showcasing Violet's xemplary Super MC costume design skills. From Pucked Up:  Discover just how bad poor Miller Buck  Butterson's uck really is in these deleted chapters, and fall even more in love with the snuggly, reformed manwhore. From Pucked Over: Revisit the sexiest, horniest and most prolifically active couple with outtakes and alternative POV's rom Randy Ballistic. From Forever Pucked: Check out a never before seen outtake, in which Violet defends her Area 51 position, and get a sneak peek at the first chapter of the Pucked sequel.
      Destiny on Ice
Hot hockey superstar Brent Oliver has it all—good looks, charm, dozens of endorsement deals, and a spectacular career. Uh, nix that last one. Brent has the talent and skill that should have his career soaring. But something is wrong. He's ost his hockey mojo and can t get it back. Enter Aubrey Shelburne, life coach to the stars. Aubrey's orked with some difficult celebrities, but she's ever encountered a guy quite like Brent Oliver. Or has she? Seems a reckless night of partying, one that had Aubrey waking up in a strange man's ed, is about to bite her in the ass. That is, if Brent doesn t first. Fighting an off-the-charts attraction, Aubrey and Brent must learn to work together. But it's ot an easy task when they re at each other's hroats every minute. Is this relationship a disaster in the making? Or is it destiny? Washboard abs and sex toy mishaps aside, Destiny on Ice is a fun and irreverent romp that ll have you swooning on one page and laughing on the next.Sports Romance/Romantic ComedyNOTE: **STANDALONE NOVEL** **EACH BOOK IN THE BOYS OF WINTER SERIES WILL FEATURE A DIFFERENT HOCKEY PLAYER'S STORY**
      Back Check
The so-bad-they re-good alphas of hockey's hicago Aces are back in this emotionally charged novel of sex, love, and second chances from the bestselling author of Top Shelf and the Heller Brothers series.   Tanner Bennet hates weddings. They just remind him that he simply isn t cut out for any kind of healthy, committed relationship—never has been, never will be. After getting rejected by the girl he thought was the one  all those years ago, he made a huge mistake and married the wrong person. Now that the divorced heartbreaker has reluctantly agreed to be a groomsman for one of his NHL teammates, the last thing he expects is a chance at redemption with the one that got away.   After Marc Dupuis of the Chicago Aces hires wedding planner Katelyn Medford, she discovers that her big break comes with a twist: a reunion with her college sweetheart. The way she dumped Tanner still haunts her. Eight years—and three broken engagements—later, Katelyn knows she ll never have that kind of innocent, wide-eyed passion again. Still, she and Tanner soon generate enough body heat to burn up the sheets. And even with Tanner's areer with the Aces up in the air, Katelyn's ondering whether the time is right to let him in for real.   Praise for Kelly Jamieson and her Aces Hockey series   Kelly Jamieson is my go-to author for hockey romance. —USA Today bestselling author Jami Davenport   With chemistry that melts the ice, this novel had me rushing into the zone to finish before the whistle blew. I really enjoyed it! —New York Times bestselling author Toni Aleo, on Icing   A sweet story with plenty of heart about that bad boy you always wanted, who couldn t wait to have you, too. —Award-winning author Cecy Robson, on Off Limits   Steamy, sweet, and a whole lot of fun! I loved Major Misconduct! —USA Today bestselling author Serena Bell   Includes an excerpt from another Loveswept title.
      Mind Gym: An Athlete's Guide to Inner Excellence
Praise for Mind GymBelieving in yourself is paramount to success for any athlete. Gary's lessons and David's writing provide examples of the importance of the mental game.--Ben Crenshaw, two-time Masters champion and former Ryder Cup captainMind Gym hits a home run. If you want to build mental muscle for the major leagues, read this book.--Ken Griffey Jr., Major League Baseball MVPI read Mind Gym on my way to the Sydney Olympics and really got a lot out of it. Gary has important lessons to teach, and you'll find the exercises fun and beneficial.--Jason Kidd, NBA All-Star and Olympic gold-medal winnerI love the book Mind Gym.--Madison Kocian, 2016 U.S. Women's Gymnastics Team, 2015 Uneven Bars World Champion, as told to Us WeeklyIn Mind Gym, noted sports psychology consultant Gary Mack explains how your mind influences your performance on the field or on the court as much as your physical skill does, if not more so. Through forty accessible lessons and inspirational anecdotes from prominent athletes--many of whom he has worked with--you will learn the same techniques and exercises Mack uses to help elite athletes build mental muscle. Mind Gym will give you the head edge over the competition.
      Raced
The Colton Points of View Collection  From New York Times and USA Today bestselling author K. Bromberg comes a companion novella to the Driven Trilogy (Driven, Fueled, and Crashed). This novella is a compilation of reader requested scenes from the series retold through the eyes of Colton Donavan.  Colton Donavan lived life in the fast lane, but it took Rylee Thomas to teach him what racing was all about. ArrogantRogueBrokenConceitedDirty-TalkingRebelEgomaniacalVoodooedBentRecklessYou think you know me? Think again. *Raced is not a complete re-write of the Driven Trilogy. This companion explores pivotal scenes as well as some new ones written in Colton Donavan's oint of view that were not previously published in Driven, Fueled, and Crashed. Hear his thoughts, experience his inner-turmoil, and laugh with him on his journey as he overcomes his demons and accepts what it means to love.  This novella is for the devoted readers of the Driven series. It is recommended that this companion be read after Driven, Fueled, and Crashed.  
      Broken and Screwed
Alexandra's older brother died the night he graduated. That day changed everything for her. No longer was she the party girl. No longer did she care about being popular and no longer was her family the happy unit she always thought existed. The only person who could help her heal is the same person who loved her brother as much as she did, his best friend. She only hopes to keep her entire heart from breaking when Jesse will move on, and she knows he will. After Ethan died, Jesse excelled at basketball, partying, and girls. He used it all to turn his emotions off, but the irony was that Alex was the only person who could do that for him. She helped him forget, but she was the one person he shouldn't be with because the secrets he knows could shatter everything. They could shatter her.
      Driving Mr. Yogi: Yogi Berra, Ron Guidry, and Baseball's Greatest Gift
How would you like to hang out with Yogi Berra and Ron Guidry during spring training? Funny and sweet, Driving Mr. Yogi transports you there.  — Jim Bouton, author of Ball Four It happens every spring. Yankees pitching great Ron Guidry arrives at the Tampa airport to pick up Hall of Fame catcher and national treasure Yogi Berra. Guidry drives him to the ballpark. They watch the young players. They talk shop. They eat dinner together and tease each other mercilessly. They trade stories about the greats they have met along the way. And the next day they do the same thing all over again. As every former ballplayer can appreciate, in that routine, every spring, there emerges a certain magic. Driving Mr. Yogi is the story of how a unique friendship between a pitcher and catcher is renewed every year. It began in 1999, when Berra was reunited with the Yankees after a long self-exile, the result of being unceremoniously fired by George Steinbrenner fourteen years before. A reconciliation between Berra and the Boss meant that Berra would attend spring training again. Guidry befriended Mr. Yogi instantly. After all, Berra had been a mentor in the clubhouse back when Guidry was pitching for the Yankees. Guidry knew the young players would benefit greatly from Mr. Yogi's encyclopedic knowledge of the game, just as Guidry had during his playing days. So he encouraged him to share his insights. Soon, an offhand batting tip from Mr. Yogi turned Nick Swisher's season around. Stories about handling a hitter like Ted Williams or catching Don Larsen's perfect game captured their imaginations. And in Yogi, Guidry found not just an elder companion or source of amusement – he found a best friend. At turns tender, at turns laugh-out-loud funny, and teeming with unforgettable baseball yarns that span more than fifty years, Driving Mr. Yogi is a universal story about the importance of wisdom being passed from one generation to the next, as well as a reminder that time is what we make of it and compassion never gets old.
      In These Girls, Hope is a Muscle
They were a talented team with a near-perfect record. But for five straight years, when it came to the crunch of the playoffs, the Amherst Lady Hurricanes -- a finesse high school girls' basketball team of nice girls from a nice town -- somehow lacked the scrappy, hard-driving desire to go all the way. Now led by the strong back-court of All-American Jamila Wideman and three-point specialist Jen Pariseau, and playing beyond their personal best, this is their year to prove themselves in the state championships. Their season to test their passion for the sport and their loyalty to each other. Their time to discover who they really are. In These Girls, Hope is a Muscle is the fierce, funny, and intimate look into the minds and hearts of one group of girls and their quest for success and, most important of all, respect.
      The Fix: Soccer and Organized Crime
In Asia, Europe, and World Cups, journalist Hill risked death to interview murderous mobsters and manipulative middlemen who lavish gifts, women, and envelopes of cash shopping and coffee money on players, referees, and staff. As Oxford academic, he found fixed games statistics show more red cards (barely), early goals, and naps. He suggests more women and professional referees, better pensions and education benefits for players, an integrity unit in each soccer association made up of ex-policemen, and more. Having heard all of this, you may choose to look the other way, but you can never again say that you did not know - Wilberforce, 1789
      Keane:  The Autobiography
A publishing phenomenon in hardcover, Roy Keane's autobiography was the biggest selling sports book of the year. Now in paperback it includes a new chapter covering Keane's vindication by the FAI report, and the punishment meted out by the FA and Mick McCarthy's resignation. Brilliantly reviewed, Roy Keane's riveting, brutally honest autobiography has the potential to be one of the year's biggest paperback bestsellers.
      I May Be Wrong but I Doubt It
Charles Barkley has never been shy about expressing his opinions. Michael Jordan once said that we all want to say the things that Barkley says, but we don t dare. But even die-hard followers of the all-time NBA great, the star of TNT's nside the NBA and CNN's alkBack Live, will be astonished by just how candid and provocative he is in this book—and just how big his ambitions are. Though he addresses weighty issues with a light touch and prefers to stir people to think by making them laugh, there's othing Charles Barkley shies away from here—not race, not class, not big money, not scandal, not politics, not personalities, nothing. Early on,  says Washington Post columnist and ESPN talk show host Michael Wilbon in his Introduction, Barkley made his peace with mixing it up, and decided the consequences were very much worth it to him. And that makes him as radically different in these modern celebrity times as a 6-foot-4-inch power forward. If there's ne thing Charles Barkley knows, it's he crying need for honest, open discussion in this country—the more uncomfortable the subject, the more necessary the dialogue. And if the discussion leader can be as wise, irreverent, (occasionally) profane and (consistently) funny as Charles Barkley, so much the better. Many people are going to be shocked and scandalized by I May Be Wrong but I Doubt It, but many more will stand up and cheer. Like Molly Ivins or Bill O Reilly, Charles Barkley is utterly his own thinker, and everything he says comes from deep reflection. One way or another, if more blood hasn t reached your brain by the time you ve finished this book, maybe you ve been embalmed.From the Hardcover edition.
      Face Offs & Cheap Shots
JACOBS For the last three years, I ve lived and breathed hockey with one goal: team captain.There's nly one thing standing in my way. TJ Beckett.Beck is irresponsible and immature, and I ve hated him since the moment we met freshman year.Yet, the coaches see something in him I obviously can t, and they refuse to choose between us. The captain spot is going to a team vote, and the team thinks that what we need are a bunch of challenges to prove our worth. Challenges that have nothing to do with hockey. Challenges that are throwing me and Beck together.And he's till as infuriating as ever.BECK I have no idea why Christopher Jacobs hates me, and I can t say I care. I like pushing his buttons, but the guy needs to loosen up. I m going to win these stupid challenges easily and spend my senior year as hockey king on this campus. Tormenting Jacobs at the same time will just be a bonus.Even if I m getting confusing feelings toward him, I won t let it hold me back.When it comes to competing, I m all in, and nothing will get between me and the W.
      A Guy Walks Into My Bar
A sexy, passionate, utterly addictive standalone MM romance from #1 NYT Bestseller Lauren Blakely!Every bartender should follow one simple rule—don't go home with the customers. That's een easy for me to stick to, until the night a cocky, confident, and sinfully charming hockey star walks into my bar. This sexy athlete is too hard to resist, especially when he makes it clear how much he wants the sarcastic, witty, hot AF  guy behind the bar—also known as me.Still, I m not keen on breaking my own rules since I know where that can lead—no place good. But when that man makes his case with one bone-searing kiss on the streets of London, I throw resistance out the window.What could go wrong with a hot, dirty, no-strings-attached fling before he leaves town in five days? Trouble is, soon our nights together lead to days, to long conversations, to getting to know each other, and to something I never expected—falling ridiculously hard for a man who's etting on a plane to America when I live a world away. My life is here. His is there. And no amount of falling or feeling will change that one big problem. Warning: contains hot hotel sex, loads of dirty talk, PDA all over London, and two sexy, witty, charming alpha heroes…
      Wild for You
He's rowly. Grumpy. Stubborn.And now, my new roommate.Walking away from my disastrous last relationship was an easy decision, but moving in with a friend-of-a-friend hockey star who's arely home? Not quite as simple, because Grant makes me feel all kinds of things I m not prepared for.Protected. Desired. Unsteady.____________________She's eautiful. Smart. Tempting.And a little fragile.I ve never been anyone's night in shining armor, but when Ana needed a place to stay, it was easy to offer her a room with me.Not so simple, though, is keeping my hands—or my mouth—to myself. And the night she crawls into my bed and shares her body with me? Heaven.But she's ot looking for a relationship, and to my surprise, I find myself pissed off by that idea.They say my heart is broken, that I ll never settle down. I used to think that was true. Now, though? Hell, your guess is as good as mine. First, she took my bed.Then she took my heart.Then she took my everything. Your favorite hot jocks are back with an all new standalone novel. If you like sexy, confident men who know how to handle a stick (on and off the ice), and smart women who are strong enough to keep all those big egos in check, this series is for you! Each book can be read as a complete standalone.
      Love Hard
New York Times bestselling author Nalini Singh brings you the next sizzling story in her Hard Play contemporary romance series…Jacob Esera, star rugby player and young single father, has worked hard to create a joyous life for his six-year-old daughter. After the death of his childhood sweetheart soon after their daughter's irth, all Jake wants is safety and stability. No risks. No wild chances. And especially no Juliet Nelisi, former classmate, scandal magnet, and a woman who is a thorn in his side.As a lonely teenager, Juliet embraced her bad-girl reputation as a shield against loneliness and rejection. Years later, having kicked a cheating sports-star ex to the curb, she has a prestigious job and loyal friends—and wants nothing to do with sportsmen. The last thing she expects is the fire that ignites between her and the stuffed-shirt golden boy who once loved her best friend.Straitlaced Jacob Esera versus wild-at-heart Juliet Nelisi? Place your bets.
      The Guy on the Left
It started with a lie. A night of blurred lines between a teacher and a student.  I wasn t her student, yet it was the single most defining night of my life.  I ve never been the man she thinks I am.  Most people have no idea about the life I ve lived or the words that ring true when it comes to me—still waters run deep.  But you d be hard-pressed to find a coed on the TGU campus who knows otherwise…because I ve never corrected them.  The clock is ticking down, it's ourth and Inches with the ball inside the one-yard line and the focus is on me, The Guy on the Left. I ve never felt like a football god, inside I m…just Troy.  It's ime to set the record straight.  For my son, I‘ll find the strength.  In her eyes, I m determined to gain redemption.  I will have them both, even if I have to take my eye off the ball.  All books in the series can be read as a stand-alone.
      This Is Forever
From USA Today Bestselling Author comes the fourth book in the This Is Series. Caroline Becoming a teen mom at sixteen was not what I expected, but then again, neither was being a single parent. Still, I wouldn t change my past because that boy is my world.  Hockey is the only thing my son seems to care about, so I work two jobs to make sure he can play. I d do anything to make sure he doesn t suffer because of the bad decisions his father made.  When he won a whole summer of hockey training, I knew in my heart he was going to have an amazing time.  What I wasn t prepared for was meeting his new summer coach.  He was magnetic, powerful, and a player—in all forms of the word.  If my life had taught me anything up to this point, it was how to avoid making bad decisions, and Justin Stone was the definition of a bad decision.  I could never be a woman his family approved of. Even if I wished I could be.  Justin Growing up as the son of a hockey God is one thing. Growing up as the brother of a second hockey God is another. I had big skates to fill, so it was a good thing I loved every second of it.  Summer was my off time, my time to let loose, but when they ask me to coach a hockey camp for underprivileged kids, I couldn t say no.  But when she walked in holding a little boy's and, my heart stopped beating. Or maybe it started for the first time.  They were a package deal, and I knew this—wanted it more than I ve ever wanted anything. It didn t take long to realize that no matter what happened,  I would do anything to protect them.  She is the only one I want to be with.  When push comes to shove, I have to prove to everyone that this is my choice, and This is Forever.
      Fence #10
Nicholas is determined to get Seiji to focus on him and him alone.
      Four Day fling
A standalone romantic comedy of epically awkward proportions, from New York Times bestselling author, Emma Hart.Imagine this. You re ready to leave after a one-night stand, and you re figuring out how to—shock horror—leave your number and ask him to be your fake boyfriend for your sister's edding this weekend. When he wakes up. Well, that happened to me. And over coffee and omelets, I found myself a date. Which was how I ended up arriving at the wedding with a guy I knew nothing about. I didn t know his last name, or how we met, or how long we d been dating. I didn t know where he grew up, what he d majored in in college, or how many siblings he had. I sure as hell didn t know he was Adam Winters, hotshot hockey player—and not only my father's avorite player, but my little nephew's reakin  idol. Which means I m in trouble. Big, big trouble. My mother is suspicious, my sister is bridezilla on crack, and my grandpa will tell anyone who ll listen about his time in Amsterdam's ed Light District. Four days. I have to keep this up for four days, and then Adam and I can return to our regular lives, where we don t have sex whenever we re alone and my family aren t interrogating him over his intentions with me. At least, that's he plan. And we all know what happens to those.
      Most Irresistible Guy
When he wrapped his arms around me and pulled me close at my brother's edding, my heart beat faster. When we danced into the night, my mind raced far ahead, entertaining all the possibilities I d longed for. And later, when Cooper told me he d won the starting quarterback job before he shared the news with anyone else, I started to believe we could be more.But I didn t want to lose him as a friend, so I chose to focus on him solely as my buddy. That worked well enough for a while.Until that night, in front of everyone, when he shocked my world to its core.Most Irresistible Guy is a prequel novella to Most Valuable Playboy!
      Hot Stuff
Get ready to fall in love with this new standalone sports romance from New York Times bestselling author Kim Karr.He's the newly drafted quarterback.Hot. Arrogant. Too sexy for words.Ready to score.I'm an athletic intern, and the coach's daughter.Driven. Determined. Prepared to conquer the world.Completely off-limits.The Nfl is full of rules. Rules I've never broken. Never challenged. Never even scratched--until the day Lucas Carrington crashes into my life with his hard body and I-don't-give-a-f*ck attitude.After I almost injure my father's star player, I volunteer to make sure he's in top shape. At first, it's hell. I don't like his cockiness, his easy smile. Don't like the way he oozes sex. Or how his penetrating eyes follow me everywhere.That doesn't stop me from wanting him.  He's meant to be a distraction--something to occupy my mind for these precious few remaining hot summer nights before I'm forced to leave football behind forever.I know what we're doing will lead nowhere good. I know we're crossing the line. And I know my father will never understand.None of that matters.But maybe it should.Rules aren't meant to be broken.Or are they? 
      Confessions of a Former Puck Bunny
Confession #1: I used to be a puck bunny, but after a hockey player broke my heart, I gave up all things hockey. Now I'm just focused on finding a way to pass my math class so I can graduate college.Confession #2: Ryder Ox Maddox's deep, sexy voice sends fuzzy tingles through my entire body, and I'm powerless to stop it. Which is a big problem since the hot, surprisingly funny hockey player is my new math tutor.Confession #3: I can't stop thinking about how ripped Ryder is from all his hockey training, and how fun it'd be to cross lines with him.Confession #4: I kissed a hockey player and I liked it.Confession #5: If I'm not careful, I might relapse and fall for Ryder, and then I'll be totally pucked.
      QB: My Life Behind the Spiral
NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER This book is gold. —Peter King Intense. —San Francisco Chronicle Steve Young is a hero of mine, and his story is a source of inspiration for me. His perseverance, intelligence, and, most of all, grace under pressure Nfl-style, make this book a fascinating read. Thanks, Steve, for sharing your story with one of your biggest fans! —Tom Brady  Steve was extraordinary in every facet of life. I ve never read a football book with more honesty and integrity—it's ypical Steve. What a quarterback! What a man!  —Jim Nantz, CBS Sports All football fans know what a tremendously talented and successful quarterback Steve Young was in his Nfl career. But what they don t know about are the challenges and personal obstacles Steve had to overcome to make his dreams come true. This is a most exciting and compelling story. —Roger StaubachA stunningly candid look at what it takes to become a super-elite professional quarterback Steve Young produced some of the most memorable moments in Nfl history. But his most impressive victories have been deeply personal ones that were won when no one was watching. His remarkably revealing memoir is the story of a Mormon boy with a 4.0 GPA, a photographic memory, and a severe case of separation anxiety.    As an eighth-string quarterback at Brigham Young University, it was doubtful that he would ever see any playing time. But Young became an All-American, finished second in the Heisman voting, and was the top draft choice out of college. Then, after signing the largest contract in sports history, anxiety nearly drove him to walk away from football completely.    In short, Young's uest in life was always about grit. Now, he shares the experience of being inside his helmet while he faces down his toughest adversaries, both on and off the field.
      Bump and Run
Star quarterback? Check.Perfect body? Check.Cocky attitude? Ugh. Check.A heart of gold and a smile that turns me stupid? Double check.My father is the new football coach and he's ade it clear that he doesn t want me dating anyone on the team. So, I ll just keep my head down and focus on my theater degree. Easy enough, right?Wrong.Enter, Junior Morgan. Exit, my panties. But I don t want to be just another notch in his bedpost. If Junior wants me as badly as his bulge tells me he does, then he's onna have to earn me. Win a game. Win a night with me.Game on, quarterback. We re just getting started.A handsome playboy. The coach's orbidden daughter.College football's ost Valuable Player has met his match!
      Growing Up Pedro: How the Martínez Brothers Made It from the Dominican Republic All the Way to the Major Leagues
The love between brothers is key to Matt Tavares's ale of Dominican pitcher Pedro Martinez, from his days of throwing rocks at mangoes to his years as a major-league star. Before Pedro Martinez pitched the Red Sox to a World Series championship, before he was named to the All-Star team eight times, before he won the Cy Young three times, he was a kid from a place called Manoguayabo in the Dominican Republic. Pedro loved baseball more than anything, and his older brother Ramon was the best pitcher he d ever seen. He d dream of the day he and his brother could play together in the major leagues—and here, Matt Tavares tells the story of how that dream came true. In a fitting homage to a modern day baseball star, the acclaimed author-illustrator examines both Pedro Martinez's mprobable rise to the top of his game and the power that comes from the deep bond between brothers.
      Across the Line
Book two of In the ZoneCalder Griffin needs to get back in shape. Sidelined last season by a knee injury, he's determined to return to the San Diego Barracudas and play the best hockey of his career. This might even be the year he gets out of his talented older brother's shadow.For months, Becca Chen has poured her energy into Cups, the restaurant she owns, desperate to prove to her parents that she can succeed in the career of her choice, not theirs. But after she spends a five-hour plane ride flirting with charming, magic-on-the-ice Calder, she tells herself she needs a fling.Becca and Calder can't keep their hands off each other, but they know the relationship can't last. They live on opposite coasts, and they're both too devoted to their careers. All they have to do is prevent their feelings from crossing the line from lust to love…See how Calder's teammate Tim found love in On the Surface.99,000 words
      Edge
One bad hit has left the career of young NHL Center Luke Hudson in question. When he arrives for rehab with a minor league team, his injury has robbed him of the edge that made him great.Team trainer Adella Price's ob is to help Luke get back in peak condition. But their one on one sessions shake her resolve to remain unattached. Dell is hands-off to all hockey players, even one as charming and successful as Luke. As Luke starts to get ahold of his game again, he loses his grip on his heart. Helping Luke get his edge back brings to light what Dell is missing from her life. But those who want them apart are relentless, and with their careers on the line, Luke and Dell must decide if their love is worth risking it all.
      Rushing Amy
Julie Brannagh's sparkling and romantic Love and Football series continues!For Amy Hamilton, only three Fs matter: Family, Football, and flowers. It might be nice to find someone to share Forever with, too, but right now she's working double overtime while she gets her flower shop off the ground. The last thing she needs or wants is a distraction … or help, for that matter. Especially in the form of gorgeous and aggravatingly arrogant ex-Nfl star Matt Stephens.Matt lives by a playbook—his playbook. He never thought his toughest opponent would come in the form of a stunning florist with a stubborn streak to match his own. Since meeting her in the bar after her sister's wedding, he's known there's something between them. After she refuses—again and again—to go out with him, Matt will do anything to win her heart … But will Amy, who has everything to lose, let the clock run out on the one-yard line?
      You Herd Me!: I'll Say It If Nobody Else Will
There are really two games, the one you see and the one you don't. The way I see it, the best way to use access to both worlds is to illuminate and reveal, not idolize and adore. It's better to be wrong than to be played for a fool. – Colin Cowherd In this age of billion dollar athletic marketing campaigns, feel good  philosophy with no connection to reality, and a Sports Media echo chamber that's ll too eager swallow whatever idiotic notion happens to be in vogue at the moment, it's ough to find people who aren t afraid to say what they re really thinking.  But that's here Colin Cowherd comes in. As his millions of fans on ESPN Radio and ESPNU already know, Colin is the rare sports analyst who's rave (or crazy) enough to speak his mind—even if it pisses some people off. Of course, it helps that a lot of what Colin has to say is simply hilarious. Lots of writers can tell you about Boston's toried sports history. But how many can tell you why the city of Boston is America's ive year old? Lots of writers will brag about the stuff they got right, but how many will happily list all the calls they got completely and utterly wrong? Whether he's ointing out the stupidity of conspiracy theories, explaining why media bias isn t nearly as big a deal as many assume, or calling out those who prize short term wins over sustainability, Colin is smart, thought-provoking, and laugh-out-loud funny. Some of the questions he's ot afraid to ask in You Herd Me! include: Is Tiger Woods really a sex addict—or does he just have good PR?Is work-life balance  really the ideal we should all strive for—or is that just a way for people feel better about mediocrity?Is talent really all it's racked up to be—or can too much talent actually be counterproductive?Is the X games really a sport—or would we all be better off if we admitted it's omething else entirely?Is Hell really a supernatural place of fire and brimstone—or is it actually just another word for living in Tampa? Unapologetically entertaining and packed with behind-the-scenes insights you won t get anywhere else, You Herd Me! is unlike any other sports book ever written.
      Fair Ball: A Fan's Case for Baseball
From his perspective as a journalist and a true fan, Bob Costas, NBC's award-winning broadcaster, shares his unflinching views on the forces that are diminishing the appeal of major league baseball and proposes realistic changes that can be made to protect and promote the game's best interests.In this cogent--and provocative--book, Costas examines the growing financial disparities that have resulted in nearly two-thirds of the teams in major league baseball having virtually no chance of contending for the World Series. He argues that those who run baseball have missed the crucial difference between mere change and real progress. And he presents a withering critique of the positions of both the owners and players while providing insights on the wild-card system, the designated-hitter rule, and interleague play. Costas answers each problem he cites with an often innovative, always achievable strategy for restoring genuine competition and rescuing fans from the forces that have diluted the sheer joy of the game.Balanced by Costas's unbridled appreciation for what he calls the moments of authenticity that can still make baseball inspiring, Fair Ball offers a vision of our national pastime as it can be, a game that retains its traditional appeal while initiating thoughtful changes that will allow it to thrive into the next century.
      Walking Disaster
How much is too much to love? Travis Maddox learned two things from his mother before she died: Love hard. Fight harder.Finally, the highly anticipated follow-up to the New York Times bestseller Beautiful Disaster.Can you love someone too much?Travis Maddox learned two things from his mother before she died: Love hard. Fight harder.In Walking Disaster, the life of Travis is full of fast women, underground gambling, and violence. But just when he thinks he is invincible, Abby Abernathy brings him to his knees.Every story has two sides. In Beautiful Disaster, Abby had her say. Now it's ime to see the story through Travis's yes.
      The Brooklyn Nine
1845: Felix Schneider, an immigrant from Germany, cheers the New York Knickerbockers as they play Three-Out, All-Out. 1908: Walter Snider, batboy for the Brooklyn Superbas, arranges a team tryout for a black pitcher by pretending he is Cuban. 1945: Kat Snider of Brooklyn plays for the Grand Rapids Chicks in the All-American Girls Baseball League. 1981: Michael flint fi nds himself pitching a perfect game during the Little League season at Prospect Park. And there are fi ve more Schneiders to meet. In nine innings, this novel tells the stories of nine successive Schneider kids and their connection to Brooklyn and baseball. As in all family histories and all baseball games, there is glory and heartache, triumph and sacrifi ce. And it ain?t over till it?s over.
      Baseball Saved Us
Shorty and his family, along with thousands of Japanese Americans, are sent to an internment camp after the attack on Pearl Harbor. Fighting the heat and dust of the desert, Shorty and his father decide to build a baseball diamond and form a league in order to boost the spirits of the internees. Shorty quickly learns that he is playing not only to win, but to gain dignity and self-respect as well.Baseball Saved Us is the ultimate rite of passage story. It will appeal again and again to readers who enjoy cheering for the underdog.
      The Dark Side of the Game: My Life in the Nfl
In this book, 8-year veteran of the Nfl Tim Green reveals for the first time the scandals, the horrors, the abuses and also the wonders of playing football.
      Johnny U: The Life and Times of John Unitas
In a time when men played football for something less than a living and something more than money,  John Unitas was the ultimate quarterback. Rejected by Notre Dame, discarded by the Pittsburgh Steelers, he started on a Pennsylvania sandlot making six dollars a game and ended as the most commanding presence in the National Football League, calling the critical plays and completing the crucial passes at the moment his sport came of age.Johnny U is the first authoritative biography of Unitas, based on hundreds of hours of interviews with teammates and opponents, coaches, family and friends. The depth of Tom Callahan's esearch allows him to present something more than a biography, something approaching an oral history of a bygone sporting era. It was a time when players were paid a pittance and superstars painted houses and tiled floors in the off-season—when ex-soldiers and marines like Gino Marchetti, Art Donovan, and Big Daddy  Lipscomb fell in behind a special field general in Baltimore. Few took more punishment than Unitas. His refusal to leave the field, even when savagely bloodied by opposing linemen, won his teammates  respect. His insistence on taking the blame for others  mistakes inspired their love. His encyclopedic football mind, in which he d filed every play the Colts had ever run, was a wonder.In the seminal championship game of 1958, when Unitas led the Colts over the Giants in the Nfl's irst sudden-death overtime, Sundays changed. John didn t. As one teammate said, It was one of the best things about him. 
      Fence: Striking Distance
The boys of Kings Row bout with drama, rivalry, and romance in this original YA novel by The New York Times bestselling author Sarah Rees Brennan--inspired by the award-nominated comic series by C.S. Pacat and Johanna The Mad.
      Ruthless King
My d*ck never got me in half as much trouble as my heart...We were high school sweethearts. I was head over heels for her and no one could tell me we weren t going to last forever. College? Going pro? My family's oney? None of it mattered. She was all I needed.Then she ripped my heart out. But I m not going to let that happen again. She's ack. Invading my life and acting like she was the wronged one. The pain is still there, but I can t keep my eyes off her. I can t stop thinking about her and how much was left unsaid between us. Being this close is making me question everything I thought I knew about her. This time everything will be on my terms. Everything…
      Gridiron Genius: A Master Class in Winning Championships and Building Dynasties in the Nfl
Former Nfl general manager and three-time Super Bowl winner Michael Lombardi reveals what makes football organizations tick at the championship level. From personnel to practice to game-day decisions that win titles, Lombardi shares what he learned working with coaching legends Bill Walsh of the 49ers, Al Davis of the Raiders, and Bill Belichick of the Patriots, among others, during his three decades in football.Why do some Nfl franchises dominate year after year while others can never crack the code of success? For 30 years Michael Lombardi had a front-row seat and full access as three titans--Bill Walsh, Al Davis, and Bill Belichick--reinvented the game, turning it into a national obsession while piling up Super Bowl trophies. Now, in Gridiron Genius, Lombardi provides the blueprint that makes a successful organization click and win--and the mistakes unsuccessful organizations make that keep them on the losing side time and again. In reality, very few coaches understand the philosophies, attention to detail, and massive commitment that defined Nfl juggernauts like the 49ers and the Patriots. The best organizations are not just employing players, they are building something bigger. Gridiron Genius will explain how the best leaders evaluate, acquire, and utilize personnel in ways other professional minds, football and otherwise, won't even contemplate. How do you know when to trade a player? How do you create a positive atmosphere when everyone is out to maximize his own paycheck? And why is the tight end like the knight on a chessboard? To some, game planning consists only of designing an attack for the next opponent. But Lombardi explains how the smartest leaders script everything: from an afternoon's special-teams practice to a season's playoff run to a decade-long organizational blueprint. Readers will delight in the Lombardi tour of an Nfl weekend, including what really goes on during the game on and off the field and inside the headset. First stop: Belichick's Saturday night staff meeting, where he announces how the game will go the next day. Spoiler alert: He always nails it.Football dynasties are built through massive attention to detail and unwavering commitment. From how to build a team, to how to watch a game, to understanding the essential qualities of great leaders, Gridiron Genius gives football fans the knowledge to be the smartest person in the room every Sunday.
      The Heritage: Black Athletes, a Divided America, and the Politics of Patriotism
Following in the footsteps of Robeson, Ali, Robinson and others, today's Black athletes re-engage with social issues and the meaning of American patriotismNamed a best book of 2018 by Library JournalIt used to be that politics and sports were as separate from one another as church and state. The ballfield was an escape from the world's worst problems, top athletes were treated like heroes, and cheering for the home team was as easy and innocent as hot dogs and beer. No news on the sports page was a governing principle in newsrooms.That was then.Today, sports arenas have been transformed into staging grounds for American patriotism and the hero worship of law enforcement. Teams wear camouflage jerseys to honor those who serve; police officers throw out first pitches; soldiers surprise their families with homecomings at halftime. Sports and politics are decidedly entwined.But as journalist Howard Bryant reveals, this has always been more complicated for black athletes, who from the start, were committing a political act simply by being on the field. In fact, among all black employees in twentieth-century America, perhaps no other group had more outsized influence and power than ballplayers. The immense social responsibilities that came with the role is part of the black athletic heritage. It is a heritage built by the influence of the superstardom and radical politics of Paul Robeson, Jackie Robinson, Muhammad Ali, Tommie Smith, and John Carlos through the 1960s; undermined by apolitical, corporate-friendly transcenders of race, O. J. Simpson, Michael Jordan, and Tiger Woods in the following decades; and reclaimed today by the likes of LeBron James, Colin Kaepernick, and Carmelo Anthony.The Heritage is the story of the rise, fall, and fervent return of the athlete-activist. Through deep research and interviews with some of sports' best-known stars--including Kaepernick, David Ortiz, Charles Barkley, and Chris Webber--as well as members of law enforcement and the military, Bryant details the collision of post-9/11 sports in America and the politically engaged post-Ferguson black athlete.
      In the Crease
Jensen Monroe is a unicorn. As handsome as any model, as polite as can be, a goalie of unmatched skill, and the best friend anyone could ask for. But he longs for a particular special someone to make his life complete. He's een in love with Wren since he was a teenager, but as his best friend's ister, she's lways been off-limits.Wren Lemiere has prided herself on being a love  em and leave  em girl her whole life. She's ll about equal opportunity in the battle of the sexes. Why should guys like her brother and his best friends get to be the only ones allowed to play the dating game? One wrong move, however, and she finds herself in violation of her own rules.In need of a fake husband and baby daddy for her unexpected bundle of joy, Wren finally accepts Jensen is the logical one to ask for help. Except he has a counteroffer…one with so many strings attached, they may just find themselves wrapped up in ties that bind. Forever.
      A Boy Like You
They say everyone's  superhero to someone. I m not sure who I m supposed to save, but I know who saved me. We were kids. His name was Christopher. And up until the day he pulled me from death's rip, he was nothing more than a boy I felt sorry for. In a blink of an eye, he became the only person who made me feel safe.And then he disappeared. Now I m seventeen. I m not a kid anymore. I haven t been for years. While death didn t take me that day, the things that happened left me with scars—the kind that robbed me of everything I once loved and drove me into darkness. But more than anything else, that day—and every day since—has taken away my desire to dream. I wasn t going to have hope. I wouldn t let myself wish. Those things—they weren t for girls like me. That's hat I believed…until the new boy. He's othing like the old boy. He's aller and older. His hair is longer, and his body is lean—strong and ready for anything. I don t feel sorry for him. And sometimes, I hate him. He challenges me. From the moment I first saw him standing there on the baseball field, he pushed me—his eyes constantly questioning, doubting…daring. Still, something about him—it feels…familiar. He says his name is Wes. But I can t help but feel like he's omeone else. Someone from my past. Someone who's ome back to save me.This time, though, he's oo late. Josselyn Winters, the girl he once knew, is gone. I am the threat; I am my worst enemy. And he can t save me from myself.
      The Next Competitor
If he risks his heart, can he keep his head in the game?To win gold, figure skater Alex Grady must train harder than the competition morning, noon, and night. He's bsessed with mastering another quadruple jump, and due to the lack of filter between his mouth and brain, doesn t have a lot of friends. As for a boyfriend, forget it. So what if he's till a virgin at twenty? The Olympics are only every four years—everything else can wait. Relationships are messy and complicated anyway, and he has zero room in his life for romance.So it's idiculous when Alex finds himself checking out his boring new training mate Matt Savelli. Calm, collected Captain Cardboard  is a nice guy, but even if Alex had time to date, Matt's o not his type. Yet beneath Matt's holesome surface, there's  dirty, sexy man who awakens a desire Alex has never experienced and can t deny…Note: This gay romance from Keira Andrews features opposites attracting, new adult angst, sexual discovery, and of course a happy ending.This new version has been extensively rewritten, updated, and expanded into a new adult romance with explict on-page sex.
      Casey at the Bat: A Ballad of the Republic Sung in the Year 1888
And somewhere men are laughing, and somewhere children shout; But there is no joy in Mudville-mighty Casey has struck out. Those lines have echoed through the decades, the final stanza of a poem published pseudonymously in the June 3, 1888, issue of the San Francisco Examiner. Its author would rather have seen it forgotten. Instead, Ernest Thayer's poem has taken a well-deserved place as an enduring icon of Americana. Christopher Bing's magnificent version of this immortal ballad of the flailing 19th-century baseball star is rendered as though it had been newly discovered in a hundred-year-old scrapbook. Bing seamlessly weaves real and trompe l'oeil reproductions of artifacts-period baseball cards, tickets, advertisements, and a host of other memorabilia into the narrative to present a rich and multifaceted panorama of a bygone era. A book to be pored over by children, treasured by aficionados of the sport-and given as a gift to all ages: a tragi-comic celebration of heroism and of a golden era of sport.
      Ballplayer
Atlanta Braves third baseman Chipper Jones—one of the greatest switch-hitters in baseball history—shares his remarkable story, while capturing the magic nostalgia that sets baseball apart from every other sport.   Before Chipper Jones became an eight-time All-Star who amassed Hall of Fame–worthy statistics during a nineteen-year career with the Atlanta Braves, he was just a country kid from small town Pierson, florida. A kid who grew up playing baseball in the backyard with his dad dreaming that one day he d be a major league ballplayer.      With his trademark candor and astonishing recall, Chipper Jones tells the story of his rise to the MLB ranks and what it took to stay with one organization his entire career in an era of booming free agency. His journey begins with learning the art of switch-hitting and takes off after the Braves made him the number one overall pick in the 1990 draft, setting him on course to become the linchpin of their lineup at the height of their fourteen-straight division-title run.    Ballplayer takes readers into the clubhouse of the Braves  extraordinary dynasty, from the climax of the World Series championship in 1995 to the last-gasp division win by the 2005 Baby Braves ; all the while sharing pitch-by-pitch dissections of clashes at the plate with some of the all-time great starters, such as Clemens and Johnson, as well as closers such as Wagner and Papelbon. He delves into his relationships with Bobby Cox and his famous Braves brothers—Maddux, Glavine, Smoltz, among them—and opponents from Cal Ripken Jr. to Barry Bonds. The National League MVP also opens up about his overnight rise to superstardom and the personal pitfalls that came with fame; his spirited rivalry with the New York Mets; his reflections on baseball in the modern era—outrageous money, steroids, and all—and his special last season in 2012.   Ballplayer immerses us in the best of baseball, as if we re sitting next to Chipper in the dugout on an endless spring day.
      This Is Your Brain on Sports: The Science of Underdogs, the Value of Rivalry, and What We Can Learn from the T-Shirt Cannon
This is Your Brain on Sports is the book for sports fans searching for a deeper understanding of the games they watch and the people who play them.  Sports Illustrated executive editor and bestselling author L. Jon Wertheim teams up with Tufts psychologist Sam Sommers to take readers on a wild ride into the inner world of sports.  Through the prism of behavioral economics, neuroscience, and psychology, they reveal the hidden influences and surprising cues that inspire and derail us—on the field and in the stands—and by extension, in corporate board rooms, office settings, and our daily lives.   In this irresistible narrative romp, Wertheim and Sommers usher us from professional football to the NBA to Grand Slam tennis, from the psychology of athletes self-handicapping their performance in the boxing ring or the World Series, to an explanation of why even the glimpse of a finish line can lift us beyond ordinary physical limits.  They explore why Tom Brady and other starting Nfl quarterbacks all seem to look like fashion models; why fans of teams like the Cubs, Mets, and any franchise from Cleveland love rooting for a loser; why the best players make the worst coaches; why hockey goons (and fans) would rather fight at home than on the road; and why the arena t-shirt cannon has something to teach us about human nature.  This is Your Brain on Sports is an entertaining and thought-provoking journey into how psychology and behavioral science collide with the universe of wins-and-losses, coaching changes, underdogs, and rivalry games.
      Playing It My Way: My Autobiography
I m delighted that my autobiography #PlayingitMyWay will be published on November 6, this year. I knew that agreeing to write my story would need me to be completely honest, as that's he way I have always played the game. It would require talking about a number of aspects I have not shared in public before. So here I am, at the end of my final innings, having taken that last walk back to the pavilion, ready to recount as many incidents as I can remember since first picking up a cricket bat as a child in Mumbai thirty-five years ago. - Sachin Tendulkar
      Holding Strong
Heavyweight fighter Denver Lewis plays real nice, but he doesn't share. That's why he's been avoiding top-notch flirt Cherry Peyton. But a man can only resist those lush curves for so long. Their encounter surpasses all his fantasies, bringing out protective urges that Cherry's about to need more than she knows…Denver's combination of pure muscle and unexpected tenderness has been driving Cherry wild. Yet no sooner does she get what she's been craving than old troubles show up on her doorstep. And this time, Cherry can't hide behind a carefree facade. Because the man by her side is one who'll fight like hell to keep her safe…if only she'll trust him enough to let him…
      Fighting the Fall
The toughest fighters aren t created in the octagon but are born of necessity. When life delivers blow after punishing blow, you fight back or get destroyed.Eve Dawson has had her fill of bad luck. A string of unhealthy relationships has left her angry, bitter, and frustrated. She's iven up on being happy and settles for content. Swearing off men, she repels advances and makes herself a challenge to even the most persistent suitors. After all, how much can the fragile human heart take? But life isn t finished with her, and when things can t possibly get worse . . . they do.Stay on your feet.It's ameron Kyle's otto, but with his fighting career ripped from his grasp, a child he wasn t strong enough to save, and a marriage that even the brawn of a heavyweight couldn t hold together, it's etting harder and harder to stay upright. He takes on the position of CEO of the Ufl, intent on hiding his biggest weakness in order to forge a path that leads him back into the octagon.When an old rival mysteriously gets wind of Cameron's lan to fight again, he comes out of retirement to settle old debts, but secrets, lies, and betrayal threaten to deliver the death-blow. The distraction of a sass-mouthed girl seventeen years his junior is the last thing he needs until a tragic accident shatters the firm foundation of his resolve and he realizes just how far he's allen.Will they risk it all and fight to be together?Or does defeat lie within the fall?
      Foul Trouble
Bestselling sportswriter John Feinstein exposes the big money and back-room deals that pervade college-basketball recruiting in this fast-break young adult novel.   Terrell Jamerson is the #1 high school basketball player in the country. His team is poised to win State, top colleges are lining up to give him scholarships, and everyone says he could play in the NBA tomorrow. But it only takes one false step to lose everything.   Danny Wilcox is Terrell's est friend and teammate, and a top prospect himself, but these days it seems like everyone wants to get close to Terrell: the sneaker guys, the money managers, the college boosters. They show up offering fast cars, hot girls, and cold, hard cash. They say they just want to help, but their kind of help could get Terrell disqualified.   Danny and Terrell better keep their eyes on the ball if they hope to last the season.   John Feinstein has been praised as the best writer of sports books in America today  (The Boston Globe), and he proves it again in this fast-paced novel.   Thorough and suspenseful; a must-read for those interested in basketball and the dealings surrounding the sport.  —Kirkus Reviews, Starred
      The Winning Season
Kelly Maxwell has finally landed her dream job as publicist for the San Francisco Blaze. But the team's newest member, handsome bad boy catcher Matt Scanlon, is refusing every interview. She's got to get him to open up before the season ends, or she may not be back next year. And after everything she overcame to achieve her dream, Kelly's not about to let that happen.Matt Scanlon just wants to be left alone to rebuild his life and his career. After a year of masking the pain of a recent loss with hard partying and fast women, he finally hit rock bottom and was traded to a team he's loathed his entire life—a team with little to no chance at the post-season.Butting heads is getting Kelly and Matt nowhere but annoyed, and with the team's schedule on the road, they can't avoid close quarters—or their surprising attraction to one another. As the season winds down, Matt finds his growing feelings for Kelly have brought his numbed emotions back to life. But when betrayal shatters their fragile trust, winning it all seems more impossible than ever.95,000 words
      Just for Now
For teacher Jenna McKnight, nothing spells heartbreak  like finding her husband with somebody else--in her bed. It's learly time to reinvent herself. A new body, a new city, and a new job later, she's one just that. The beautiful Auckland villa isn t really her home, though. Finn Douglas and his kids aren t really her family, however much she wishes they were. And playing house can be a dangerous game.Rugby star Finn Douglas is just looking for a temporary nanny and housekeeper. Not a girlfriend, and definitely not a wife. He can t resist Jenna's ooking, it's rue. Who knew he d have so much trouble resisting her? He wants to do what's ight for his kids. But waiting is so hard ...
      Just Good Friends
Some bets were made to be lost.Kate Lamonica isn't Koti James's type. Too small. Too dark. And heaps too much work. So it's an easy bet that he can be her friend for six weeks without making a move on her, no matter what his mates would have said. Kate can't believe she's made the bet at all. New Zealand had seemed like the perfect escape from the stalker who'd threatened first her peace of mind, and then her life. She certainly doesn't need any more trouble. Why on earth has she agreed to spend time with a Maori rugby player who's far too handsome and charming for his own good--and knows it? But there's more than one game Koti's good at playing...
      Hard To Handle
Sometimes Fate delivers a left hook.  After Fate deals Supreme Battle Challenge (SBC) fighter Harley Handleman a sucker punch, his uncle secretly hires a pretty lifecoach to get Harley back in the ring of life. Anastasia Kelley has actually known Harley for years, but never as well as she's going to now. Hot for his fighter's form, she has trouble keeping it professional, especially since Harley doesn't know she was hired. And when Anastasia turns the tables on him, it's as if he's been hit below the belt. But that's also where is uncontrollable lust for her burns.
      Knights of the Hill Country
In a small Oklahoma town, one star linebacker must decide what kind of man he wants to be--both on and off the field.Welcome to Kennisaw--where Friday night high school football ranks right up there with God and country, and sometimes even comes in first. This year, the Kennisaw Knights are going for their fifth straight undefeated season, and if they succeed, they'll be more than the best high school team in the eastern Oklahoma hill country--they'll be legends. But the Knights' legacy is a heavy weight to carry for Hampton, linebacker and star of the team. On the field, he's so in control you'd think he was able to stop time. But his life off the field is a different story. His father walked out on him and his mom years ago, and now his mom has a new boyfriend every week. He's drawn to a smart, quirky girl at school--the type a star athlete just isn't supposed to associate with. And meanwhile, his best friend and teammate Blaine--the true friend who first introduced Hampton to football back when he had nothing else--is becoming uncomfortably competitive, and he's demanding Hampton's loyalty even as Hampton thinks he's going too far. This unforgettable novel is the story of a boy whose choices will decide the kind of man he becomes, and raises powerful questions about sportsmanship, loyalty, and the deceptiveness of legends.
      The Trouble With Quarterbacks
CANDACE: KAT & YASMINE! DO NOT DALLY! Come straight home after work. Kat, don t take the long route from the subway station just so you can pass by Cute Hot Dog Guy. This is important! I ve had THE BEST DAY. You won t believe it. There I was in my preschool classroom, washing a bit of poo out of some soggy trousers, when this absolute babe came to collect his nephew from my class. Truthfully, I thought I d blacked out for a moment when I first saw him. He was a proper hunk with glorious brown hair, quite tall, and he had these arms. Are muscly arms supposed to turn me on? I m panting just thinking about them.Anyway, he told me he's  professional foosball player. At least, I think that's hat he said. The tots can get quite loud near pick-up time. YASMINE: Foosball? What are you on about? Have you gone mad?KAT: Oh sod off. So what if I like to have a good look at Hot Dog Guy's rse on my trek home after a hard day's ork? It's alled self-care.CANDACE: Kat, you re hopeless. Yasmine, yes—foosball! I suppose it's  big thing over here in the States? We must investigate and learn everything we can. By the way, he's alled Logan.Logan + Candace. I think that sounds quite nice! I can hear the wedding bells now. Dum dum da-dum.YASMINE: Oh good grief. I suppose we can do some snooping when I get home. I ll grab wine on my way.KAT: I ll grab hot dogs.THE TROUBLE WITH QUARTERBACKS is a hilarious romance about unlikely love found between a British preschool teacher and the professional quarterback who sweeps her off her feet.
      Hard to Handle
New York Times bestselling author K. Bromberg is back with an all new second-chance, standalone hockey romance.At first, the request seemed simple—sign a new athlete to the agency. Then I found out the new athlete was none other than the most wanted man in hockey today: Hunter MaddoxGifted. Sexy. At the top of his game. And the only man who has ever broken my heart.If signing him will help save our family business, I ll swallow my pride and do what's sked. But when it becomes clear his uncharacteristic antics off the ice are a hint of something deeper, keeping things strictly professional between us becomes more than complicated. But I know better than to cross that line. I ll never date a client. Not even for him.***Win the Stanley Cup and do it before time runs out. Not a small feat, but it's hat's otivated me since the start of my career. And time is running out.Enter Dekker Kincade.Feisty. Dogged. Damn gorgeous. The one I let get away.I have no idea why she's raveling with the team, but hell if resisting her is going to be easy. But I have a job to do, and I refuse to lose sight of that end game. Even if she confuses me. Even if she sees parts of me I ve hidden from the world. I can t lose focus. Not even for her.
      Hatemates
Have you heard the rumor about campus celebrity DJ Dalton?No, not the one about number of the zeros in his bank account. Or the one about his father, the head football coach. Or even the one about his special talent between the sheets.I m talking about the one where he has a female roommate in an all-male dorm.I can t speak to the first three, but that fourth one is true. I know because that girl in his room is me.Because of an error by the college, I m placed with Mr. Campus Celebrity in the traditionally male dorm.Is he panty-meltingly handsome with an attitude to match? Sure.Do I accidentally fanaticize about him one (okay, maybe two) times? Fine, I m honest enough to admit it.None of that matters, because we re opposites in all the ways that are important for getting along as college roommates:He comes from a perfect life and old money. I come from a broken home and bowls of ramen.He's t Greene State to party. I m here to study.He's  popular jock. I wouldn t be caught dead playing sports.To say we get off to a rocky start would be an understatement.Ironically, that's hat causes our sizzling attraction to boil over one night. But even that comes at a price.Because our story has a twist neither of us could see coming.One that changes both of our lives, ‘till death do us part.
      Kickin' It
Love breaks the offside rule in New York Times bestselling author Rachel Van Dyken's rresistibly sexy Red Card romance.Successful, high-profile sports agent Matt Kingston thinks he can handle anything. Then soccer player Parker Speedman shows up at his door. She is young and gorgeous, has natural talent, and is looking for a team. She's lso a hothead with a punchy past who floored her last coach on live TV. Despite his misgivings, Matt agrees to be both her agent and her coach. Professional common sense says she's ff-limits. But what can he say about the raw attraction between them?Parker plays soccer with her heart and soul. But after the events of the last year, she's haken. She's lready seen what a powerful man can do to a female athlete's areer. And her beloved dream is in the hands of a sexy, gorgeous man with the uncanny ability to slip past her defenses…and into her heart.Now Matt and Parker are about to learn that when it comes to love, the only way to win is by breaking every rule they know. And by playing nice. Real nice.
      Score
 Home is where you make it. Beau Hopper is good at goodbyes. A minor-league hockey player, he goes where the league tells him. Single and estranged from his family, Beau drifts without connections or commitments. He makes a living, not a life.  Former Marine Connor Casey's ife revolves around his siblings. After Hurricane Harvey took their home and a car-crash claimed their parents, Connor is determined to rebuild their house and their lives.  When Beau learns Connor might lose custody of his siblings if he can t finish the rebuild in time, he volunteers to help in exchange for a place to stay, and it isn t long before he finds himself in Connor's ed. It takes more than passion and plywood to build a home, so when the league comes calling after Beau, Connor can t ask him to stay... but how can he ever let him go?  Welcome to Hidden Creek, Texas, where the heart knows what it wants, and where true love lives happily ever after. Every Men of Hidden Creek novel can be read on its own, but keep an eye out for familiar faces around town! This book contains eye-rolling teenagers, stolen kisses, and fewer noogies than you d expect. 
      Face-Off at the Altar
Markus Reeves is sucking. Big-time. Toiling away on a minor-league hockey team hundreds of miles away from home, he's watching his dreams of an NHL career fade away. Add in the lingering guilt he has over the dramatic demise of his relationship with college girlfriend, Mekena, and he's a mess on and off the ice.  But the family of his heart, the Sinclairs, won't let Markus suffer any longer. When he arrives himself back in Nashville for a trial run on the Assassins, it feels like his life may be making a turn for the better. If only he could get Mekena to forgive him...  Mekena Preston has been hurting since fleeing Nashville following the horror of Markus's betrayal with her sister. Now a professional photographer, Mekena finds herself in the same place at the same time with Markus to celebrate Lucy and Benji Paxton's wedding. Neither of them has been able to move on—and they're starting to wonder if they really want to.  They're headed for a face-off at the altar unless they can confront their past and unearth the truth about what really happened on that fateful night. 
      Girl Against the Universe
From the author of The Art of Lainey and Liars, Inc. comes a fresh, contemporary story about a girl coping with PTSD and the boy who wants to help her move on from the past.Sixteen-year-old Maguire knows the universe is against her. No matter how many charms she buys off the internet or good luck rituals she performs each morning, horrible things happen when she's around. Like that time the roller coaster jumped off its tracks. Or the time the house next door caught on fire. Or the time her brother, father, and uncle were all killed in a car crash--and Maguire walked away with barely a scratch. Despite what her therapist tells her, Maguire thinks it's best to hide out in her room, far away from anyone she might accidentally hurt. But then she meets Jordy, an aspiring tennis star who wants to help her break her unlucky streak. Maguire knows that the best thing she can do for him is to stay away, but it turns out staying away might be harder than she thought.
      Take Your Eye Off the Puck: How to Watch Hockey By Knowing Where to Look
A guide for sports fans on how to watch and appreciate the game of hockeyMore and more fans are watching the NHL each week, but many of them don t know exactly what they should be watching. How does an offense create shooting lanes for its best sniper? When a center breaks through and splits between two defensemen, which defender is to blame? Why does a goalie look like a Hall of Famer one week and a candidate for the minor leagues the next? This guide for sports fans on how to watch and appreciate the game of hockey takes you inside a coach's ind as he builds a roster or constructs a game plan, to the chaos of the goalie's rease, and deep into the perpetual chess match between offense and defense. Discussing topics such as what to look for when a team goes on the power play and why playing center might be the most grueling job in sports, Take Your Eye Off the Puck shows fans how to get the most out of watching their favorite sport.
      Fighting Dirty
He's the hottest MMA fighter in the game, but one woman is ready to try out a few steamy moves of her own in an unforgettable new novel from New York Times bestselling author Lori Foster...With the life he's led and the muscles he's gained, Armie Jacobson isn't afraid of anything. Except maybe Merissa Colter's effect on him. It's not just that she's his best friend's little sister. Fact is, she deserves better. Women pursue him for one night of pleasure, and that's all he wants to offer. Until rescuing Merissa from a robbery leads to the most erotic encounter of his life. Good girl meets bad boy. It's a story that rarely ends well. But Merissa is taking matters into her own hands. No matter how he views himself, the Armie she knows is brave, honorable and completely loyal. And as past demons and present-day danger collide, they're both about to learn what's truly worth fighting for…
      Golf is Not a Game of Perfect
Filled with insightful stories about golf, Dr. Bob Rotella's elightful book will improve the game of even the most casual weekend player.Dr. Bob Rotella is one of the hottest performance consultants in America today. Among his many professional clients are Nick Price (last year's Player of the Year), Tom Kite, Davis Love III, Pat Bradley, Brad Faxon, John Daly, and many others. Rotella, or Doc,  as most players refer to him, goes beyond just the usual mental aspects of the game and the reliance on specific techniques. What Rotella does here in this extraordinary book, and with his clients, is to create an attitude and a mindset about all aspects of a golfer's game, from mental preparation to competition. The most wonderful aspect of it all is that it is done in a conversational fashion, in a dynamic blend of anecdote and lesson. And, as some of the world's greatest golfers will attest, the results are spectacular. Golfers will improve their golf game and have more fun playing. Some of Rotella's maxims include: -On the first tee, a golfer must expect only two things of himself: to have fun, and to focus his mind properly on every shot. -Golfers must learn to love 'the challenge when they hit a ball into the rough, trees, or sand. The alternatives—anger, fear, whining, and cheating—do no good. -Confidence is crucial to good golf. Confidence is simply the aggregate of the thoughts you have about yourself. -It is more important to be decisive than to be correct when preparing to play any golf shot or putt. Filled with delightful and insightful stories about golf and the golfers Rotella works with, Golf Is Not a Game of Perfect will improve the game of even the most casual weekend player.
      Dare to Kiss
Besides her family, Lacey Robinson's nly other love is baseball. She's n top of the world when Arizona State University approaches her to discuss a scholarship. To be the first girl ever to grace a college boys  team is beyond what she has ever dreamed.Her fastball is impeccable, her curveball equally as good, and her slider annihilates anyone who dares to step in the batter's ox. But fate has its own way of throwing curveballs. When she loses her mother and sister to a home invasion, baseball and her dreams die with them. Tragedy has a way of seeping deep into her psyche, causing nightmares, panic attacks and blackouts. Diagnosed with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, her psychiatrist recommends a change of scenery and picking up the things that she loved to do, and for Lacey that is baseball.After a move clear across the country, only two things matter to Lacey—overcome her PTSD and make Kensington High's aseball team. But trying out for the team comes with obstacles—the captain, Aaron Seever, doesn t want a girl on the team. Her life is further complicated when she meets Kade Maxwell, a tall, sexy and drool-worthy bad boy who has a magical touch that awakens her feminine side and a kiss that slowly erases her nightmares. But getting involved with him may be dangerous when Kade's rchenemy returns to town to settle a vendetta. To complicate matters, her PTSD has taken a turn for the worse. She has to find a way to heal otherwise she may not have a chance at anything in life, especially love.This is a New Adult Novel and contains strong language and sexual content. Intended for audiences age 17+.
      Bring on the Heat
In Katie Rose's rresistible battle of wits, a case of mistaken identity lands a female fan in bed with a sexy superstar—and in major-league trouble. House-sitting for a rich and famous friend has its perks, and Darcy Hamel isn t shy about enjoying them. Especially when it means scoring a ticket to an exclusive fashion show hosted by the New Jersey Sonics. An avid baseball fan, Darcy has always dreamed of meeting the team—especially the starting pitcher whose body is as hot as his fastball. But there's  catch. The gala is by invitation only. To get behind the velvet rope, mild-mannered Darcy will have to pose as party girl Lydia Logan. Schmoozing is one of the downsides of fame, but Chase Westbrook knows how to liven up even the dullest event. And nothing spices a night up more than a beautiful socialite with a naughty reputation. What Chase doesn t expect is a hint of sweetness beneath her sultry façade. flirtation turns to seduction and leaves him aching for more. Chase just doesn t know who the real Lydia is: the spoiled tease crying foul over some missing diamonds or the alluring woman making a play for his heart.
      Fighting for Irish
A sexy category romance from Entangled's Brazen imprint...He'll fight for her life. She'll fight for his love.Kat MacGregor has forty-eight hours to make good on the debt her ex-boyfriend owes a crime boss. Unfortunately, the measly tips she makes waitressing are barely enough for her to live on, much less cover the twenty-thousand needed to keep her breathing. With time running out, Kat 's forced to accept help from the only man who's ever made her feel fire rather than fear.When he learns a friend's sister is in trouble, former Boston MMA fighter Aiden Irish O'Brien heads to Louisiana to offer himself up as collateral to keep her safe. But to satisfy the debt, he has to do the one thing he swore hed never do again: fight. With more than just money on the line, will Irish have what it takes to not only reclaim the man he once was, but become the man he needs to be for the woman he can't live without?
      Hot Item
He'll push all her boundaries and make her realize rules are made to be broken.Cool, collected Sophie Jordan loves her daily routine running her family's top sports management agency, as long as she gets to stay behind the scenes. But with big sister on maternity leave and little sis on her honeymoon, she's forced to step up to the plate. And a recent media crisis surrounding the disappearance of superagent Spenser Atkins is not going to make the job any easier.Enter star quarterback and notorious bad boy Riley Nash who, for reasons of his own, needs to track down Atkins. Up until now, Sophie has kept a strict no-dating-clients policy, but each day with Riley makes her rule near impossible to follow. With her job and her heart on the line, Sophie will need to make the toughest choice of her life!
      While It Lasts
Maybe driving home after a few (or more) shots of tequila had been a bad idea, but hell, he did it all the time. The cops had to have been freaking bored to have pulled him over. He wasn t even swerving! That's age York's tory and he's ticking to it.Unfortunately, his baseball coach isn t buying it. Cage has a free ride to the local junior college for baseball -- or he did, until he d gotten a DUI. Now, Cage has to decide: does he drop out and give up his dream of getting noticed by a college in the SEC, and possibly making it into the Major Leagues -- or does he give in to his coach's emands and spend his summer baling hay?Eva Brooks planned out her life step by step when she was eight years old. Not once over the years had she lost sight of her goals. Josh Beasley, her next door neighbor, had been the center of those goals. He d been her first boyfriend at seven, her first kiss at ten, her first date at fifteen, and her first tragedy at eighteen. The moment she d received the phone call from Josh's other saying he d been killed along with four other soldiers just north of Baghdad, Eva's arefully planned life imploded in the worst way possible.Cage isn t real happy with his closet-sized bedroom in the back of a foul smelling barn, or his daily interactions with cows, but he knows that if he doesn t make his coach happy then he can kiss his scholarship goodbye. Only a sick and twisted man would decide his punishment was to be working on a farm all summer. No hot babes in bikinis waiting to meet a Southern boy to make her vacation complete. Just him and the damned cows.Oh -- and an uptight, snarky brunette with the biggest blue eyes he's very seen. But she doesn t count, because as hard as he's ried to charm her out of her panties - he's retty sure she d rather see him hung from the rafters than let him get a taste of her pretty little lips.
      The Unofficial Zack Warren Fan Club
Welcome to the big leagues. To secrets and scandals. It's all about the game. Who's playing. Who's not. Who has no idea about the game. And...wait, what game are we playing?I'll leave that for you to decide.Where to start is the big question for Chloe Baker. How was she supposed to explain to Zack Warren that she started a fan club for him when she was a kid? It was just a game. A way to make friends and have fun. She never thought it would spiral out of control. And never. In a million, gazillion years, did she think it would follow her to college. How could she tell him her best friend Lana kept the club alive? That she had nothing to do with the craziness? Chloe didn t understand why she cared so much about Zack's opinion of her. She hated him. He hated her. They had very mutual feelings of dislike for each other. So he'd just hate her even more when or if he found out. And that's totally fine...she thinks.Zack Warren had a soft spot for Chloe Baker. He likes the way she walks. He likes the way she talks. If he was poetically inclined, he d write a sonnet about her ass.It's Zack's unior year of college. He's ot things to worry about. Scouts from the major leagues. Baseball games. Contracts. Grades.... His father ran away to Vegas with Chloe's mother. He didn t have time to worry about a girl. But he did. He worried about Chloe a lot, especially with that jerk Max sniffing around her. It's weird though, to like your stepsister, right?But Zack could argue that he saw Chloe first. Way before his dad met her mom. He was too young to stake a claim. But just didn t care anymore. He's one playing games.
      Change-up: Mystery at the World Series
New York Times bestselling sportswriter John Feinstein takes readers behind the scenes at the World Series in this exciting baseball mystery.  When teen sports reporters Stevie and Susan Carol are sent to cover the World Series, the talk of the tournament is Norbert Doyle--a late call-up for an underdog team. But the more they learn about him, the more conflicting stories they hear. Bit by bit they piece together the shocking truth about this rising star, but once the secret's out, there's no going back. . . .  John Feinstein has been praised as the best writer of sports books in America today (The Boston Globe), and he proves it again in this fast-paced novel.
      Breakaway
They had it all planned out: college, marriage, happily ever after.But it didn't quite work out that way...Erin O'Brien was everyone's favorite in Ballycraig, while Rory Brady was the town's golden boy: the local lad who moved to America and became a professional hockey player. Rory promised to return to sweep Erin away to the life of her dreams in New York. But the bright lights and late nights turned his head and he never came back.Two years later, Rory realizes he's made the worst mistake of his life. Heading back to Ballycraig, he's confident that all he needs to do is flash his winning smile and Erin will fall back into his arms. But Erin's moved on.Racing the clock, Rory needs to prove to her that the man she fell in love with is still there. But can happy-go-lucky Erin risk it all and give another chance to the man who broke her heart?
      Iron War: Dave Scott, Mark Allen, & the Greatest Race Ever Run
The 1989 Ironman World Championship was the greatest race ever. In a spectacular duel that become known as the Iron War, the world's two strongest athletes raced side by side at world-record pace for a grueling 139 miles. Driven by one of the fiercest rivalries in triathlon, Dave Scott and Mark Allen raced shoulder to shoulder through the Ironman 2.4-mile swim, 112-mile bike race, and 26.2-mile marathon. After 8 punishing hours, both men would demolish the previous record—and cross the finish line just 58 seconds apart. The race would redefine the limits of human endurance and the role of mental toughness in sports. In his new book Iron War, sports journalist Matt Fitzgerald writes a riveting epic about how Allen and Scott drove themselves and each other through the most awe-inspiring race in sports history. Iron War goes beyond the pulse-pounding race story to offer a fascinating exploration of the lives of the world's two toughest men and their unquenchable desire to succeed. Weaving an examination of mental resolve into a gripping tale of athletic adventure, Iron War is a soaring narrative of two champions and the paths that led to their stunning final showdown. 
      Whatever Happened to the Hall of Fame? Baseball, Cooperstown, and the Politics of Glory
Arguing about the merits of players is the baseball fan's second favorite pastime and every year the Hall of Fame elections spark heated controversy. In a book that's sure to thrill--and infuriate--countless fans, Bill James takes a hard look at the Hall, probing its history, its politics and, most of all, its decisions.
      Pre: The Story of America's Greatest Running Legend, Steve Prefontaine
For five years, no American runner could beat him at any distance over a mile. But at the age of 24, with his best years still ahead, long-distance runner Steve Prefontaine finally lost. Driving alone at night after a party, Prefontaine crashed his sports car, putting a tragic, shocking end to the life and career of one of the most influential, accomplished runners of our time. From his humble origins in Coos Bay, Oregon, Pre became the first person to win four NCAA titles in one event. Year after year, he was virtually unbeatable. Instead of becoming one of the new breed of professional track athletes, Pre chose to stay amateur and fight for the adequate funding he felt American amateur athletes deserved. But Pre not only touched runners; his exciting racing technique as well as his maverick lifestyle made him a favorite of the fans. A race with Prefontaine in it was automatically an event. This is his story.
      Leading with the Heart: Coach K's Successful Strategies for Basketball, Business, and Life
Duke University's head basketball coach Mike Krzyzewski has proved himself a leader both on and off the court. He's led the Duke Blue Devils to five straight Final Four appearances, culminating in back-to-back championships in 1991 and '92. He has received five National Coach of the Year Awards -- and many of the players he coached in college have gone on to NBA stardom! Now Coach K offers the insights he uses to coax peak performances from his team, relying on lessons he learned as a captain in the U.S. Army, sportsmanship, respect, and a genuine gift for leading with the heart.
      The Long Ball: The Summer of '75 -- Spaceman, Catfish, Charlie Hustle, and the Greatest World Series Ever Played
The 1975 World Series between the Boston Red Sox and the Cincinnati Reds is generally considered the best of all time, and baseball historians often rank its sixth game as the greatest single game ever played. In this resoundingly acclaimed bestseller, Tom Adelman tells the story of the season that led up to that classic Series and then delivers the inside pitch on those amazing seven games.
      Vanishing Act: Mystery at the U.S. Open
Stevie Thomas and Susan Carol Anderson return in another fast-paced, action-packed sports mystery from bestselling sports writer John Feinstein.The two hopeful sports reporters have kept in touch after their wild time at the Final Four, and when Susan Carol manages to score a press pass to cover the first week of the US Open Tennis Tournament in New York, Stevie works out a way to be there as well.The behind-the-scenes action in the world of professional tennis is overwhelming and occasionally bewildering, but it turns downright inconceivable when a young Russian phenom, Natalia Makarova, disappears right before her second-round match. Somewhere between the locker rooms and the Louis Armstrong Court, one of the most-watched players of the tournament simply vanishes.The media coverage is staggering. Everyone is looking for Natalia--including Stevie and Susan Carol. Was she kidnapped? Did she run? Is she even still alive? The rumors are growing wilder by the hour. But they don't even come close to the shocking truth...
      What's My Name, Fool? Sports and Resistance in the United States
Book by Zirin, Dave
      The Guy in the Middle
I was born to play and bred to win. My priorities were instilled in me early on—family and football. Those ideals led me to TGU and a coach whose ironclad principles mirrored my own. With one last college season to play, my goal was singular—get drafted. By realizing my Nfl dream, I could save my family, our ranch, and the only home I d ever known. Two birds, one ball. Playing hard was my only option, but there's lways a wild card. For all of my planning and hard work, I never anticipated falling for the coach's daughter. Harper was a fair catch, but who knew loving her could be the one play to throw my career before it started or that the weight of our secret would change the game.
      The End of the Perfect 10: The Making and Breaking of Gymnastics' Top Score—from Nadia to Now
A delightful and insightful  (The Wall Street Journal) account of the controversial world of gymnastics and its scoring system, which has propelled powerful and athletic American gymnasts to the top of the sport.It was the team finals of women's ymnastics in the 2012 London Olympics and McKayla Maroney was on top of her game. The sixteen-year-old US gymnast was performing arguably the best vault of all time, launching herself unimaginably high into the air and sticking a flawless landing. But when her score came, many were baffled: 16.233. Three tenths of a point in deductions stood between her and a perfect score. But if that vault wasn t perfection, what was? For years, gymnastics was scored on a 10.0 scale. During this era, more than 100 perfect  scores were awarded in major international competitions. But when the 10.0 scoring system caused major judging controversies at the 2004 Olympics, international elite gymnastics made the switch to the open-ended scoring system it uses today, which values both difficulty and technical execution, making perfect scores a thing of the past—and forever altering the sport in the process. With insight, flair, and boundless love for the sport, gymnastics insider Dvora Meyers answers questions that fans have been asking since the last perfect score was handed out over twenty years ago. She reveals why successful female gymnasts like 2016 Olympics All Around medalists Simone Biles and Aly Raisman are older and more athletic than they have ever been before, how the United States became the gymnastics powerhouse it is today, and what the future of gymnastics may hold. Bolstered by dozens of exclusive interviews with professionals representing every aspect of the sport, The End of the Perfect 10 is the Simone Biles of gymnastics books  (Slate), a captivating look at elite gymnastics  entry into the uncharted world of imperfection—and how it has created stronger athletes than ever before.
      Hot Holiday Nights
Victoria Baldwin is a successful sports agent who always puts work first—unless she's n vacation. Then it's ll about play. On holiday in Hawaii over Christmas, she meets Alex McConnell, a successful young surfer on the islands for a surfing competition. She couldn t think of a better vacation fling. But when she meets Ben Reynolds, Alex's anager, she realizes she wants both men. This could be her hottest holiday ever, and the vacation that changes her life.
      Losers Take All
Who says winning is everything?There's  new rule at Jack Logan's ports-crazy high school: all students must play on a team. So Jack and a group of anti-athletic friends decide to rebel. They create a third-string soccer team whose mission is to avoid victory at any cost. But as the team's osing formula becomes increasingly successful at attracting fans and attention, Jack and his teammates are winning in ways they never expected—and don t know how to handle.
      Back from the Dead
This inspiring memoir from sports and cultural icon Bill Walton recounts his devastating injuries and amazing recoveries, set in the context of his UCLA triumphs under John Wooden, his storied NBA career, and his affinity for music and the Grateful Dead.In February 2008, Bill Walton suffered a catastrophic spinal collapse—the culmination of a lifetime of injuries—that left him unable to move. He spent three years on the floor of his house, eating his meals there and crawling to the bathroom, where he could barely hoist himself up onto the toilet. The excruciating pain and slow recovery tested Walton to the fullest. But with extraordinary patience, fortitude, determination, and sacrifice—and pioneering surgery—he recovered, and now shares his life story in this remarkable and unique memoir.Walton grew up in San Diego in the 1950s and 1960s and was deeply influenced by the political and cultural upheavals of that period. Although he strongly identified with the cool people, particularly in music and politics, his greatest role model outside his family was super-straight UCLA basketball coach John Wooden, a thoughtful, rigorous mentor who seemed immune to the turmoil of the times. Although there was always tension and conflict between them, the two men would speak nearly every day for forty-three years, until Wooden's eath at age ninety-nine.Despite a lifelong stuttering affliction, Walton chose a career in broadcasting after his playing days ended. He eventually won an Emmy Award and other accolades for broadcasting and was recognized as a leading media pundit.John Wooden once said that no greatness ever came without sacrifice. Nothing better illustrates this saying than the real story of Walton's ife. In his own words, Back from the Dead shares this dramatic story, including his basketball and broadcasting careers, his many setbacks and rebounds, and his ultimate triumph as the toughest of champions.
      Unwrapping Her Perfect Match
Alternate cover for this ASIN can be found here'Twas a week before Christmas, and at the auction house…At six foot one, Gwen Chambers has felt like a giant her whole life. She's  calm, capable nurse saving lives in a busy London hospital, but healthy men give her heart palpitations. When larger-than-life rugby player Little  John Sheldon convinces her to bid on him in his team's undraising auction, she discovers how pleasurable heart palpitations can be.A rugby player was stirring, with desire no one could douse…John has wanted Gwen since he first saw her, but when he's njured in a match just before Christmas he suddenly needs her too. Not only can the sexy nurse help him recover, but she might be able to help him look after his daughter—a shy ten-year-old who speaks only French.But will it be a Happy Christmas for all, and for all a good night?From decorating the Christmas tree to ice skating at the Tower of London, Gwen helps father and daughter open up and bond with each other—and she bonds right along with them. But when John's gent calls with a life-changing offer, Gwen has to decide how far she's illing to go for her perfect match. Will their first Noël also be their last?
      Dropping Gloves
Previous edition for this ASIN found hereShe left to follow her dreams, but came back to find her heart.When Katie Weber decided to pursue her dreams in Hollywood, she left her heart behind in Portland. Now she's ack to make amends with Jamie Babcock, the only man she's ver loved, but he isn t willing to forgive and forget. Heartbroken, Jamie refuses to reopen old wounds—no matter how much he still loves her. At some point, he's ot to draw the line.But Katie realizes she's ot the biggest battle of her life on the line—one she can t win without Jamie by her side. In the game of love, all bets are off. Katie's ropping her Gloves to fight for both the life she craves and the man she loves. But is Jamie too proud to end the standoff so he can finally have the one he truly wants?
      The Devil in Denim
Life Just Threw Her A Curveball.As the team-owner's aughter, Maggie Jameson grew up in the New York Saints  stadium—glove, cap, hot dogs, and all. Baseball's n her blood, and she's lways dreamed of the day when she would lead the Saints to victory herself. That was before her dad had to sell the team to Alex Winters. The fast-talking, fiercely attractive businessman has a baseball pedigree that's istinctly minor league. Maggie wants to hate him but his skills of seduction, however, are off the charts.Will Love Be A Home Run?Alex could never have imagined how much this team means to Maggie. He needs her to help show the players that they re still a family…even if he and Maggie are at the verge of exchanging blows. But her fiery determination and gorgeous looks prove irresistible to Alex. And much as he wants to relegate their relationship to the playing field—and get the Saints back in the game—Alex just can t help himself: What he wants to win most is Maggie's eart…
      Defensive Zone
Silver Delgado has gained control of The Dartmouth Cobras—and lost control of her life.Hockey might be the family business, but it's never interested Silver. Until her father's health decline thrusts responsibility for the team he owns straight into her hands. Now she has to find a way to get the team more fans, and establish herself as the new owner. Which means standing up to Dean Richter, the general manager and the advisor her father has forced on her. The fact that their 'business relationship' started with her over his lap at his BDSM club shouldn't be too much of a problem. Their hot one night stand meant nothing! But how can she earn his respect when he sees her as submissive? Can they separate work and the lifestyle she's curious to explore?Balancing her new life away from Hollywood, living among people who see her as the selfish Delgado princess, has her feeling lost and alone until Landon Bower, the Cobras new Goalie slips into her life and becomes her best—and only—friend. The time they spend together makes everything else bearable, but before long his eyes meet hers with more than friendship, reflecting what she feels. Which could ruin everything.Two Dominant men who see past her pretty mask and the shallow image she portrayed to the flashing cameras. A gentle attack from both sides that she can't hope to block unless she learns how to play.But she's getting the hang of the game.______________________Warning: This ebook contains material not suitable for readers under 18. In also contains scenes that some may find objectionable, including BDSM, ménage sex, bondage, anal sex, sex toys, double penetration, edge play, and two Doms that will use any means necessary to earn submission. Author assumes no responsibility for repercussions related to reenacting office scenes, but will take full credit for all pleasure involved.
      Summer of '68: The Season That Changed Baseball—and America—Forever
The extraordinary story of the 1968 baseball season—when the game was played to perfection even as the country was being pulled apart at the seams From the beginning,  68 was a season rocked by national tragedy and sweeping change. Opening Day was postponed and later played in the shadow of Martin Luther King, Jr.'s uneral. That summer, as the pennant races were heating up, the assassination of Robert Kennedy was later followed by rioting at the Democratic National Convention in Chicago. But even as tensions boiled over and violence spilled into the streets, something remarkable was happening in major league ballparks across the country. Pitchers were dominating like never before, and with records falling and shut-outs mounting, many began hailing  68 as The Year of the Pitcher.  In Summer of  68, Tim Wendel takes us on a wild ride through a season that saw such legends as Bob Gibson, Denny McLain, Don Drysdale, and Luis Tiant set new standards for excellence on the mound, each chasing perfection against the backdrop of one of the most divisive and turbulent years in American history. For some players, baseball would become an insular retreat from the turmoil encircling them that season, but for a select few, including Gibson and the defending champion St. Louis Cardinals, the conflicts of  68 would spur their performances to incredible heights and set the stage for their own run at history. Meanwhile in Detroit—which had burned just the summer before during one of the worst riots in American history— 68 instead found the city rallying together behind a colorful Tigers team led by McLain, Mickey Lolich, Willie Horton, and Al Kaline. The Tigers would finish atop the American League, setting themselves on a highly anticipated collision course with Gibson's ardinals. And with both teams  seasons culminating in a thrilling World Series for the ages—one team playing to establish a dynasty, the other fighting to help pull a city from the ashes—what ultimately lay at stake was something even larger: baseball's lace in a rapidly changing America that would never be the same. In vivid, novelistic detail, Summer of  68 tells the story of this unforgettable season—the last before rule changes and expansion would alter baseball forever—when the country was captivated by the national pastime at the moment it needed the game most.
      Shaq Uncut: Tall Tales and Untold Stories
Superman. Diesel. The Big Aristotle. Shaq Fu. The Big Daddy. The Big Shaqtus. Wilt Chamberneezy. The Real Deal. The Big Shamrock. Shaq.You know him by any number of names, and chances are you know all about his legendary basketball career: Shaquille Shaq O'Neal is a four-time NBA champion and a three-time NBA Finals MVP. After being an All-American at Louisiana State University, he was the overall number one draft pick in the NBA in 1992. In his 19-year career, Shaq racked up 28,596 career points (including 5,935 free throws!), 13,099 rebounds, 3,026 assists, 2,732 blocks, and 15 All-Star appearances.These are statistics that are almost as massive as the man himself. His presence-both physically and psychologically-made him a dominant force in the game for two decades.But if you follow the game, you also know that there's a lot more to Shaquille O'Neal than just basketball.Shaq is famous for his playful, and at times, provocative personality. He is, literally, outsize in both scale and persona. Whether rapping on any of his five albums, challenging celebrities on his hit television show Shaq Vs., studying for his PhD or serving as a reserve police officer, there's no question that Shaq has led a unique and multi-dimensional life. And in this rollicking new autobiography, Shaq discusses his remarkable journey, including his candid thoughts on teammates and coaches like Kobe Bryant, Dwyane Wade, LeBron James, Phil Jackson, and Pat Riley.From growing up in difficult circumstances and getting cut from his high school basketball team to his larger-than-life basketball career, Shaq lays it all out in SHAQ UNCUT: MY STORY.
      The Berlin Boxing Club
Sydney Taylor Award-winning novel Berlin Boxing Club is loosely inspired by the true story of boxer Max Schmeling's experiences following Kristallnacht.Karl Stern has never thought of himself as a Jew. But the bullies at his school in Nazi-era Berlin, don't care that Karl has never been in a synagogue or that his family doesn't practice religion. Demoralized by attacks on a heritage he doesn't accept as his own, Karl longs to prove his worth.So when Max Schmeling, champion boxer and German national hero, makes a deal with Karl's father to give Karl boxing lessons, A skilled cartoonist, Karl has never had an interest in boxing, but now it seems like the perfect chance to reinvent himself.But when Nazi violence against Jews escalates, Karl must take on a new role: protector of his family. And as Max's fame forces him to associate with Hitler and other Nazi elites, Karl begins to wonder where his hero's sympathies truly lie. Can Karl balance his dream of boxing greatness with his obligation to keep his family out of harm's way?Includes an author's note and sources page detailing the factual inspirations behind the novel.Supports the Common Core State Standards.
      Ajax, the Dutch, the War: Football in Europe During the Second World War
In Football Against the Enemy Simon Kuper crossed the globe in search of the links between football, politics and culture. In Ajax, the Dutch, the War he skilfully pieces together an alternative account of World War II. He looks at the lives of the footballers who played for the Dutch club, the officials and the ordinary fans during this tumultuous period and challenges the accepted notion of the War in occupied Europe. With almost 80 per cent of Amsterdam's Jewish Corner wiped out during the war, the long-held belief that, by and large, half the Dutch population had some kind of link to the Resistance has, of late, come into question. Kuper explores this issue and looks deeper into the role of football across Europe in the years both preceding and following the War. The result is a compelling and controversial account of the War, seen through the lens of football.
      Babe & Me
On October 1, 1932, during Game Three of the Chicago Cubs -- New York Yankees World Series, Babe Ruth belted a long home run to straightaway centerfield. According to legend, just before he hit, Babe pointed to the bleachers and boldly predicted he would slam the next pitch there.Did he call the shot or didn't he? Witnesses never agreed. Like other baseball fans, Joe Stoshack wants to know the truth. But unlike other fans, Joe has the astonishing ability to travel through time and solve one of baseball's greatest puzzles....
      Baseball: A History of America's Favorite Game
Football is force and fanatics, basketball is beauty and bounce. Baseball is everything: action, grace, the seasons of our lives. George Vecsey's ook proves it, without wasting a word. –Lee Eisenberg, author of The NumberIn Baseball, one of the great bards of America's rand Old Game gives a rousing account of the sport, from its pre-Republic roots to the present day. George Vecsey casts a fresh eye on the game, illuminates its foibles and triumphs, and performs a marvelous feat: making a classic story seem refreshingly new. Baseball is a narrative of America's an-do spirit, in which stalwart immigrants such as Henry Chadwick could transplant cricket and rounders into the fertile American culture and in which die-hard unionist baseballers such as Charles Comiskey and Connie Mack could eventually become the tightfisted avatars of the game's ig-money establishment. It's  celebration of such underdogs as a rag-armed catcher turned owner named Branch Rickey and a sure-handed fielder named Curt flood, both of whom flourished as true great men of history. But most of all, Baseball is a testament to the unbreakable bond between our nation's astime and the fans, who ve remained loyal through the fifty-year-long interdict on black athletes, the Black Sox scandal, franchise relocation, and the use of performance-enhancing drugs by some major stars. Reverent, playful, and filled with Vecsey's harm, Baseball begs to be read in the span of a rain-delayed doubleheader, and so enjoyable that, like a favorite team's hampionship run, one hopes it never ends.Vecsey possesses a journalist's ye for detail and a historian's eel for the sweep of action. His research is scrupulous and his writing crisp. This book is an instant classic—— a highly readable guide to America's reat enduring pastime.  — The Louisville Courier Journal 
      Tiebreaker
All is fair in love and second chances Professional tennis star and everybody's arling Maren Murphy is going home. Unfortunately, going home is the last thing she wants to do. She doesn t know what's orse, being named the executor of her grandfather's state, or having to deal with her grandfather's usiness partner, Noah Callahan.That devil's pawn may have broken her young, tender heart, but this time it's dvantage Murphy. If anyone's alling game, set, and match, it ll be Maren.Re-match on.Noah Callahan is a screw up. Well...he used to be a screw up. Bad boy reputations, however, are not easily shed. He's een a successful business owner for over a decade. You would think people in his hometown would ve forgiven and forgotten already, but alas no. Until his one shot at redemption walks into his office.Maren Murphy is the only woman he ever loved––and the only one he purposely drove away.She's owed to hate him for all eternity. He's owed to love her forever. Can a second chance be the tiebreaker?
      The Pilot & the Puck-Up
He's he biggest, baddest, most spider-fearing motherpucker on the ice… When you re named after the king of the gods, the world expects certain things of you. Tough? Damn right.  Smart? Don t let the hockey uniform fool you.  Large and in charge? Honey, I m the biggest, baddest, mother pucking-est machine to ever own the ice. I shoot. I score. In and out of the rink. I don t come early, but I come often, if you know what I mean. And I always leave the ladies wanting more.  Until that chick last night.  I m no one-thrust wonder, and you re damn right I m going to prove to her I can do better. But every time I think I m finally on my way back into her pants, she one-ups and out-balls me. I should cut my losses, lick my wounds, and walk away. But Zeus Berger doesn t walk away from anything.  Especially when she's the only woman in the world who might be able to handle me.
      The Russian Five: A Story of Espionage, Defection, Bribery and Courage
When the Detroit Red Wings were rebooting their franchise after more than two decades of relative futility, they knew the best place to find world-class players who could help turn things around more quickly were conscripted servants behind the Iron Curtain.All they had to do then was make history by drafting them, then figure out how to get them out. That's when the Wings turned to Keith Gave, the newsman whose clandestine mission to Helsinki, Finland, was the first phase of a of a years-long series of secret meetings from posh hotel rooms to remote forests around Europe to orchestrate their unlawful departures from the Soviet Union.One defection created an international incident and made global headlines. Another player faked cancer, thanks to the Wings' extravagant bribes to Russian doctors, including a big American car. Another player who wasn't quite ready to leave yet felt like he was being kidnapped by an unscrupulous agent. Two others were outcast when they stood up publicly against the Soviet regime, winning their freedom to play in the NHL only after years of struggle.They are the Russian Five: Sergei Fedorov, Viacheslav Fetisov, Vladimir Konstantinov, Vyacheslav Kozlov and Igor Larionov. Their individual stories read like pulse-pounding spy novels. The story that unfolded after they were brought together in Detroit by the masterful coach Scotty Bowman is unforgettable.This story includes details never before revealed, and by the man who was there every step of the way—from the day Detroit drafted its first two Soviets in 1989 until they raised the Stanley Cup in 1997, then took it to Moscow for a victory lap around Red Square and the Kremlin.The Russian Five did more to bridge Russian and American relations than decades of diplomacy and detente between the White House and the Kremlin. This is their story.
      Parker
Alex Parker has a reputation on and off the ice…Hockey bad boy.King of Scandals.Hot as puck.…And he's bout to lose everything.Charlotte Coach  Coachman is the answer to Alex's roblems.His new agent has a soft spot for broken bad boys.And she wants to save Alex's areer.What she didn t expect was for Alex to test her rules about dating clients—rules she has for a reason. But she should have known a player like Alex would make every effort to break them.
      Touchdown
Alexander Bryant has lived his entire life making everyone else happy. After meeting Lincoln, will he have the courage to finally do what makes him happy?Alexander – I like to imagine myself a rebel – an ass-kicker that takes what he wants regardless of what others think. I make my own path and flip off the people who don t agree. I laugh in the face of conflict. Nobody tells me what to do.In reality, everything about me is a lie – past, present, and future. The Bryant name requires certain things and all my decisions are based on those requirements. I like football, but the family name demands I love it. I want to be an artist, but the family name demands I be a lawyer. The family demands I fall in love with a nice girl, but I m falling for, well, the opposite of nice AND girl. I m a coward and a liar.Lincoln – I like to imagine myself a loner – a cold heartless bastard that takes what he wants. I lived the biggest part of my life with parents that were ashamed of me for more reasons that one could begin to count, so I trust no one.I have a low tolerance for bullshit and hate liars.So why did I go and fall in love with the biggest liar of them all?
      When Nobody Was Watching: My Hard-Fought Journey to the Top of the Soccer World
From the celebrated star of the U.S. Women's ational Soccer Team, an inspiring, uplifting, and candid memoir of how she got there.If a player trains when nobody is watching, she might be able to do superhuman things when the entire world is watching. Like scoring a hat trick in the first sixteen minutes of a World Cup final, an eventual 5–2 victory over Japan. Or topping off that hat trick with an astonishing fifty-yard strike from midfield, the greatest goal in U.S. soccer history, a shot so audacious that it's surprising to learn that Lloyd had actually practiced it for years with [James] Galanis on an empty field in New Jersey, far from any crowds.  – Grant Wahl, Sports IllustratedIn 2015, the U.S .Women's ational Soccer Team won its first FIFA championship in sixteen years, culminating in an epic final game that electrified soccer fans around the world. It featured a gutsy, brilliant performance by team captain and midfielder Carli Lloyd, who made history that day, scoring a hat trick—three goals in one game—during the first sixteen minutes.But there was a time when Carli almost quit the sport. In 2003 she was struggling, her soccer career at a crossroads. Then she found a trusted trainer, James Galanis, who saw in Carli a player with raw talent, skill, and a great dedication to the game. What Carli lacked were fitness, mental toughness, and character. Together they set to work, training day and night, fighting, grinding it out. No one worked harder than Carli. And no one believed in her more than James. Despite all the naysayers, the times she was benched, moments when her self-confidence took a nosedive, she succeeded in becoming one of the best players in the world.This candid reflection on a remarkable turnaround will take readers inside the women's national team and inside the head of an athlete who willed herself to perform at the highest levels of competition.
      Lady and the Champ
He's  single dad, and he needs a lady    I massage naked guys for a living, but it's trictly business. As a physical therapist, I get my hands on the hottest guys in sports, but I m a professional. I have rules.  And I m *this* close to breaking every one of them.  It's ll his fault: Austin The Champ  Sherwood, the gorgeous football god. He's ost valuable on the field, and most desired in the bedroom. He's y obnoxious patient. I hate him. I want him. But we re forced together as he's recovering from a season-ending injury.  Rejecting him should be easy. I shouldn t want to date a client, but my heart melts when I see him with his baby daughter. A football god who's ot a player? He's a dream-come-true, but I can t date him. Our forbidden romance could get me fired.  But what will we lose if we walk away?  Note: This football romance is a full-length standalone novel with a HEA. For a limited time, it includes two bonus books of similar length: Wrong and Filthy!
      Wooden: A Coach's Life
A provocative and revelatory new biography of the legendary UCLA coach John Wooden, by one of America's op college basketball writersNo college basketball coach has ever dominated the sport like John Wooden. His UCLA teams reached unprecedented heights in the 1960s and  70s capped by a run of ten NCAA championships in twelve seasons and an eighty-eight-game winning streak, records that stand to this day. Wooden also became a renowned motivational speaker and writer, revered for his Pyramid of Success. Seth Davis of Sports Illustrated and CBS Sports has written the definitive biography of Wooden, an unflinching portrait that draws on archival research and more than two hundred interviews with players, opponents, coaches, and even Wooden himself. Davis shows how hard Wooden strove for success, from his All-American playing days at Purdue through his early years as a high school and college coach to the glory days at UCLA, only to discover that reaching new heights brought new burdens and frustrations. Davis also reveals how at the pinnacle of his career Wooden found himself on questionable ground with alumni, referees, assistants, and even some of his players. His was a life not only of lessons taught, but also of lessons learned.Woven into the story as well are the players who powered Wooden's hampionship teams – Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Bill Walton, Walt Hazzard, and others – many of whom speak frankly about their coach. The portrait that emerges from Davis's emarkable biography is of a man in full, whose life story still resonates today.http://us.macmillan.com/wooden/SethDavis
      Skin in the Game
A sexy category romance from Entangled's Brazen imprint...When the competition's this hot, someone's bound to score.Angela Peterson was always the quiet, shy kid growing up in Harper Falls, crushing on the high school quarterback and honing her football strategy skills. Now grown up and coaching the high school team, she's hocked when that same sexy quarterback returns to Harper Falls asks her back to his hotel room. And then tries to steal her job.Injured Nfl quarterback Cade Reynolds is in Harper Falls to take over as interim head coach, and he never thought the tall, blond bombshell he propositioned would offer up any resistance. Not to a repeat of the amazingly wild night they shared and certainly not to his coaching position. But the Harper Falls High Eagles are Angie's eam, and even the hometown hero won t take that away from her, no matter how hot he is. As the two engage in a battle of wits and wills, this is one game neither is prepared to lose.
      Barbed Wire Baseball
As a boy, Kenichi Zeni  Zenimura dreams of playing professional baseball, but everyone tells him he is too small. Yet he grows up to be a successful player, playing with Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig! When the Japanese attack Pearl Harbor in 1941, Zeni and his family are sent to one of ten internment camps where more than 110,000 people of Japanese ancestry are imprisoned without trials. Zeni brings the game of baseball to the camp, along with a sense of hope.This true story, set in a Japanese internment camp during World War II, introduces children to a little-discussed part of American history through Marissa Moss's ich text and Yuko Shimizu's eautiful illustrations. The book includes author and illustrator notes, archival photographs, and a bibliography.
      H.O.R.S.E.: A Game of Basketball and Imagination
One day at the basketball court, two kids, a familiar challenge--H.O.R.S.E.?But this isn t your grandmother's ame of hoops. Not when a layup        from the other side of the court                     standing on one foot                               with your eyes closed  is just the warm-up.Around the neighborhood, around the world, off Saturn's ings, the pair goes back and forth. The game is as much about skill as it is about imagination. A slam dunk from multi-award-winning author/illustrator Christopher Myers, H.O.R.S.E. is a celebration of the sport of basketball, the art of trash-talking, and the idea that what's ossible is bounded only by what you can dream.
      Player's Ultimatum
Yvonne floyd's est friend and gay soccer player Robbie Gutierrez proposes the impossible-pose as his fiancée until he can ink a lucrative contract. Hounded day and night by the media's onstant speculation over his sexual orientation, Robbie doesn t want to run the risk of losing his career over who he sleeps with. Although Yvonne feels Robbie has lost his marbles, she takes one for the team.While Yvonne is initiated into the fast-paced world of international soccer, she's ll-prepared for a mutual attraction to Robbie's eammate, Paolo Saito. And when the Japanese Brazilian footballer discovers her secret and turns the tables on her, Yvonne loses sight of her goal and risks sacrificing more than just her heart.Warning: Strong sexual content and adult language.
      West by West: My Charmed, Tormented Life
It was only logical that when the National Basketball Association needed a silhouette for their logo that they selected the side view of Jerry West. For forty years, West has been an integral part of N.B.A. history, first as a player and then as a coach and general manager. Mr. Clutch made the All-Star team every year of his career and created the dynasties that would win eight championships. This extraordinarily candid memoir shows that behind that greatness was a man whose life was punctuated by poverty, physical abuse, the death of a beloved sibling, and an ongoing battle with depression. An extraordinary autobiography of an extraordinary man.